
Menacing Design, Exceptional Craftsmanship: Designed from the ground up to be as sleek, aggressive and muscular looking as they are effective, the Dalstrong Shadow Black Series stands out from the pack. They’re not simply cutting-edge, high-performance tools; they're a statement about who you are and your unique sense of style as a chef.
Astonishing Performance: A ruthlessly sharp scalpel-like edge is hand finished by expert bladesmiths to 15° per side using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method. Nitrogen cooled for enhanced harness and flexibility. Each Shadow Black Series blade receives a Titanium Nitride non-reflective coating, improving robustness, corrosion resistance and enhancing non-stick properties. Crafted from a single piece of steel, each hand polished blade is full-tang for maximum durability.
Striking angles, Life-Long Durability: A midnight black ergonomic, fiber-resin and military grade G10 handle is nearly impervious to heat, cold and moisture. The handle geometry is uniquely designed to tuck snuggly into your palm, giving you a firm grasp regardless of the grip style you use. A hand-polished spine is smooth and comfortable to the touch while the G10 handle is slightly textured to provide anti-slip properties.
Dalstrong Shadow Black Series Power: Featuring high-carbon 7CR17MOV-X super-steel with an added vacuum heat treatment at 58+ HRC which allows for extraordinary performance and edge retention. Unforgettable styling, sophistication and functionality, sure to turn heads in any kitchen. Each blade comes with a matching black space-saving sheath. National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) certified.
Dalstrong Trust: Rocksolid 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Renowned Dalstrong customer service. See why over 250,000 chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Dalstrong Difference'. Dalstrong luxury gift box packaging make Dalstrong knives an excellent gift for yourself or others. Now you are slicing with POWER. Dalstrong POWER!"

ZELITE ULTIMATE 10-INCH CHEF KNIFE DESIGN: For the Elite Chef’s needing that little bit Extra - Premier Japanese AUS-10 Super Steel with 67-layer High Carbon Stainless Steel, Polished with our Globally Recognised Japan Tsunami Rose Damascus Pattern ensures YOU will be the Master Chef Setting the Kitchen Standard for others to Follow! Set in a Premium Packaged Box, Value-for-Money Never Looked So Good!
EXTRA LENGTH - DEEP BLADES FOR EXECUTIVE CHEFS: Engineered to Perfection our 48mm Deep Blade Ensures Maximum Knuckle Clearance and has been Designed to Encourage the Rocking-Motion Style of Cutting. This Gyutou is Non-Stick, Boasts a Staggering Rockwell Hardness HRC 61 and is Liquid Nitrogen Cooled Improving even further the Stain, Rust / Corrosion Resistance & Edge Retention Properties!
STUNNING TRIPLE RIVETED, ROUNDED HANDLE: This is what Differentiates Zelite Knives from the Competition – Our Handles Were Built with YOU in mind! A Top Military Grade G10 Black Handle Triple Riveted to the Forged Full Tang for Extra Strength & Durability, Tastefully Adorned with the Zelite Infinity Classic 3-Metal Mosaic Rivet. Ergonomically Designed -ROUNDED- Handles to ensure a Secure and Comfortable Grip! RARE Tapered Bolster for Extreme Comfort, Perfect Balance!
UNRIVALED PERFORMANCE,RUTHLESSLY SHARP: Hand Finished using the Traditional 3-Step Honbazuke Method this 10” Gyuto has an Incredible 12 degree pro razor edge per Side, Mirror Polished Cutting Angle Ensuring Maximum Sharpness & Safety with Effortless Slicing of Meat, Fish, Vegetable, Fruit and more, bringing Excitement back to Cooking. Offering an Extra 2 Inches Ensures your Rocking Motion Chopping is done Effortlessly! You want to Step Up to Executive Chef Level, make the Smart Choice
100% SATISFACTION or MONEY BACK GUARANTEE – TRY IT RISK FREE: Lifetime Warranty against Manufacturing Defects (only if purchased direct from ‘Zelite Infinity’ – check item is “sold by Zelite Infinity”). Our Chef Knifes have been built with Perfection in Mind. Ideal Multipurpose Cutlery Gift (Christmas, Weddings, Birthdays, Fathers Day, Mothers Day), for Home Cooks, Professional Chefs, Culinary Students and more. You can’t lose. Limited Supply, Order Now before they are Sold Out!"

SHARP & FLEXIBLE - A thin, flexible blade that allows for ease and precision while deboning or filleting. The narrow blade moves cleanly along bones and and is very maneuverable and precise.
PREMIUM MATERIAL - Our cutlery is made from top-quality German X50CrMoV15 High Carbon Stainless Steel. It is forged and tempered to precise specifications and a Rockwell hardness of 55 - 57 that provides a superior edge and lasting durability.
RAZOR SHARP - Each blade is precisely measured by laser for a world-class cutting edge. Every blade is sharpened to a 20 degree bevel angle.
QUALITY MEETS COMFORT - Our quad tang design gives each knife exceptional balance, lasting durability, and superior comfort. In addition, each Pakkawood handle is infused with phenolic resin that combines the beautiful look of wood with the durability of plastic.
LIFETIME WARRANTY - We value the quality and durability of our products. That's why we provide a lifetime guarantee against any defects in materials or workmanship."
"The steel is a single piece of specially alloyed Chrome-Vanadium-Moly cutlery steel.
Hand forged continued through more than forty separate steps in the production process before completion.
The grip scales are crafted from very hard 100-200 years old olive wood which resists moisture and exhibits a beatiful grain giving each knife a special elegance all its own
Handles are not diswasher safe.
Made in Solingen, Germany"

MAKES KITCHEN WORK A BREEZE. This Serbian Chef Knife will make your kitchen works faster, easier, and better. Forget about using multiple knives for different meat, vegetables, and fruits. This knife works on soft fruits to frozen chunks of meat like cutting soft butter.
COMES IN SHARP & STAYS SHARP. We made sure that you can use the knife right out of the box, being extremely sharp and ready for action. The Carbon Steel blade stays sharp for a long time compared with stainless steel and super easy to sharpen too.
CUTS ANYTHING EASILY. This multi-purpose knife can replace virtually any knife in your kitchen. Cut the backbone of your turkey, your steak, frozen meat, or any of your fresh fruits and vegetables. The ultimate knife for kitchen and outdoor cooking.
WELL-BALANCED FULL TANG. Highly durable with a full tang, giving you maximum functionality with every use. Hand-forged by artisans with signature Sarchach Serbian Steel.
CARE INSTRUCTION: Best sharpened at less than or equal to 30 degree sharp on both sides. Put some cooking or vegetable oil before storing to avoid rust."

Premier high-carbon, stain-resistant German steel is peerless for its edge retention and resistance to rust, corrosion and discoloration
Elite one piece precision forged construction for greatest strength and durability.Full tang extends the entire length of the handle for exceptional balance and strength
Taper-ground edge stays sharper longer and allows for finer, more precise chopping and slicing.A shortened bolster offers better balance and easy honing due to full blade edge exposure.
Hand wash knives for blade edge and surface care"

Included Components: Stainless Steel Steak Knive With Paccawood Handle (6)
Rubberwood Storage Box"

2.5mm blade
Razor-sharp edge
Sub-zero tempered steel retains its edge better than original steel
Hand wash is recommended Not dishwasher safe
Made In Japan"

Shun's premium Classic Blonde Santoku Knife features our signature VG-MAX high carbon steel and layered Damascus cladding – a functional feast for the eyes of any chef.
The beautifully modern, D-shaped, blonde PakkaWood handle encases the full composite tang blade for balance, reducing unwanted rotation and improving grip for right and left-handed chefs alike.
A multi-purpose knife for virtually every cutting task in the kitchen, our Classic Blonde Santoku's 7-inch length and lightweight design make it an excellent chef's knife for small or crowded spaces.
Handcrafted in Japan, this kitchen knife is ground and honed to a razor sharp 16-degree edge out of the box. It’s balanced immediately forward of the bolster like most Shun knives for superior handling.
Santoku, nakiri, boning, slicing, or steak – Shun blades glide through food when used in a back-and-forth or rocking motion that applies some force parallel to what's being cut, letting the edge do the work."
"WÜSTHOF GOURMET SERIES – 4.5"" Serrated Utility Knife with synthetic polypropylene handles that resist fading, discoloration, heat and impact. Precisely laser-cut stamped knives offer superb quality and value
RAZOR SHARP – High Carbon Stainless Steel Blade, precisely cut with the latest state of the art technology for incredible sharpness and easy maintenance. WÜSTHOF kitchen knives are Hand Wash Only
WÜSTHOF UTILITY KNIFE – The GOURMET 4 1/2"" Serrated Utility Knife is smaller than a cook’s knife but larger than a paring knife, making it the perfect knife for magnitude of tasks. A utility knife is much like a versatile paring knife and is perfect for mincing shallots, onions and herbs as well as cutting vegetables or cutting small meats
DURABLE – WÜSTHOF Cutlery is crafted to resist corrosion and dulling. This German made Kitchen Knife set Comes with a limited Lifetime Warranty
CENTURIES OF TRADITION – Family owned for seven generations, WÜSTHOF was founded in Solingen, Germany over 200 years ago. WÜSTHOF’s cutlery carries the Solingen name, a designation reserved for products that meet the strictest quality standards"

Ergonomic handle- a combination of Santoprene for comfort and polypropylene for durability
Textured finger points provide slip resistance, grip, and safety. Protective finger guard.
Hand wash knives for blade edge and surface care
The highest quality Japanese steel allows for easy blade maintenance and rapid sharpening for a razor-sharp edge
One-piece high-carbon, stain-resistant Japanese steel
NSF"

MADE WITH TOP GRADE JAPANESE 3-Layer forged Steel, VG-10 cutting core, HRC 60-62 hardness for exceptional sharpness, edge retention, and durability while being easy to sharpen
Blade size (length x width x thickness): 6.5 inches x 3 inches x 1.8 millimeters; net weight 0.58 pound
Full tang design with sealed-tight, waterproof, and durable Soft TPR handle for a non-slip and comfortable grip
Long-lasting, sharp edge for cutting meat, fruit, and vegetables (DO NOT chop bones)
Crafted in ISO 9001 certified Taiwan factory with steel imported from Japan; limited lifetime warranty against defects"

Grade : NSW Damascus / Knife Type: Gyuto(Chef’s Essential Knife)
Steel Type: VG-10 Hammered Damascus NSW Stainless Steel
Blade: Double-Edged (50/50) / Blade length: 8.25 Inch (210mm)
Handle Material: Octagonal-Shaped Shitan Rosewood with Mahogany Bolster
Hardness Rockwell C scale: 60 / Saya Cover: Natural Magnolia Saya Included"

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece, hot-drop hammer forged, which produces the strongest blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 57-58.
The three-step, 15 degree “Elite” edge is hand stropped on a cloth wheel, creating the sharpest possible cutting surface on an edged tool.
The bolsterless heel simplifies all cutting, sharpening & honing tasks, making use of the entire blade from heel to tip.
Handcrafted in the historic cutlery capital of Solingen, Germany.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

Professional Sashimi Sushi Knife: Classical Japanese-style sushi knife is great for filleting, slicing and cutting delicate food products such as raw fish or sushi rolls. Sharp enough not to crushing or tearing its structure, Best kitchen knife.
Superior Razor Sharp Blade: This Carving knife is made of German High Carbon Stainless Steel, ensure maximum sharpness and edge retention that allows you to fillet a whole fish with no pressure. Durable and good-looking.
Non-slip Ergonomics Handle: Protective bolster and full tang design reinforce non-slip handle offer a secure and comfortable grip, making your cutting much safer and easier. You won't feel finger numbness.
Multipurpose Sahimi Knife: Handle your daily kitchen tasks of chopping, slicing, mincing and dicing of fruit, vegetables and meat. Great for vegetables, cheese, meat, fillet, sushi, fish and so on.
Present Package & One Year Promise: Free refund or replacement during the promise period. Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions."

Professional chefs knife: This multifunctional chef knife with super sharp edges and perfect curvature(10-15°per side) meets all the chef's requirements for the knife. The razor-sharp forged edge can hold its sharpness for a long lifetime and makes slicing meat, chicken, steak, and sushi / sashimi feel like slicing butter. The well weighted Chefs Knife with rounded handles requires minimal effort whether you’re chopping, slicing, dicing or mincing.
VG10 Damascus Steel knife: This chef knife features an ultra sharp VG10 Vacuum Heat Treated Japanese super steel cutting core at 62+ Rockwell hardness: extraordinary performance and edge retention. 66 layers of premium high-carbon stainless steel layers ensure exceptional strength, durability and stain resistance. Minimal Slicing Resistance.
Durable G10 handle for pro chefs: The ultra-premium G-10 handle of the Japanese Damascus Chef Knife, which is designed for superior control, agility and comfort, has gone through special treatment, making it extremely impervious to heat, moisture, cold with military grade strength and life-long sturdiness. Even if you use this chefs knife for a long time, you won't feel tired and uncomfortable no matter your hand size or where you grip.
Perfect Gift: Damascus chef knife is not only sharp, but the decoration is also world class. Stunning Fish-bone pattern surface makes your cooking moment to be the most enjoyable time in life. This is a wonderful gift for Home Cooks, Professional Chefs, Culinary Students and collection(Christmas, Weddings, Birthdays, Mother’s Day, Father’s Day).
QUALITY Guarantee: 100% satisfaction or money back for the Chef Knives. Try it risk free. Superior Chef Knives that will give you a lifetime of exemplary service. We are committed to providing our customers with quality knives and friendly service."

Package Includes XYj cutlery set includes: 1 x 3.5 inch paring knife, 1 x 5 inch utility knife, 1 x 5 inch Santoku knife, 1 x 5.5 inch boning knife, 1 x 7 inch Santoku knife, 1 x 7 inch Nakiri, 1 x 7.5 inch Kiritsuke knife, 1 x 8 inch slicing knife, 1 x 8 inch bread knife, 1 x 8 inch chef knife, 10 x knife sheaths, 1 x 12 pockets roll bag, 1 x knife sharpening rod
Particular Design The blade of this kitchen knife is made of high quality stainless steel, uses a V-shaped and fine processing blade, which can maintain the sharpness of the chef knife for a long time with incredible robustness and quality
Ergonomic Handle Design The handle is made by high quality color wood, which is comfortable, stability and well balanced when holding to use. The light weight and ergonomic design make the chef knife feels quite balanced and you won’t feel finger numbness
Professional Chef's Knife XYj Stainless steel chef knife is a multifunction cutlery knife, which is designed for professional applications, suitable for cutting, dicing, slicing, chopping with vegetables, fruit bread and meat, adding satisfaction and enjoyment of kitchen experience
Unique Knife Sheath & Roll Bag This cooking knife set comes with knife sheath and canvas roll carry bag, the sheath is use to protect your knife blade and finger, and the knife roll carry case is a good storage organizer to your chef's knife, make it more easy and convenient to carry out"

Design Purity. A collection of stunningly designed, all-steel knives, offering a minimalist aesthetic with unobtrusive beauty. The less is more approach to this series’ design ensures a perfect pairing with any decor, while the razor sharp German made ThyssenKrupp x50crmov15 blade steel at 58+ Rockwell delivers exceptional performance. Painstakingly hand sharpened to 16-18 degrees per side, maintaining the perfect balance between ultra-thin slicing and maximum resilience.
A Single Piece of Razor Sharp Steel. A seamless and sleek transition from the blade to a high-chromium stainless steel handle characterizes the knives with an aggressive, forward moving stance. The sharply drawn lines forming the profile of each knife are indicative of modern design, while the ‘fuller' groove machined into every blade is reminiscent of historical medieval swords, welding the past and present together.
Ultimate Function & Performance. The stylized groove along the knife offers the added benefits of reducing friction and stuck on food, while also subtly lightening the knife and improving balance. Full tang blade for added strength and robustness. Beautifully hand polished to a satin finish, with a tapered design for for hardness and flexibility. Precisely tempered for resilience with a polished spine to facilitate a comfortable pinch grip.
Included is the 'Dalstrong Scabbard', a beautifully designed, hand-crafted blade sheath with engraved magnet to hold the knife securely in place. A smart and stylish way to protect your blades and fingers. Like a modern version of the medieval, steel-clad knight, the Crusader Series knife is a strikingly pure tool, ready and waiting to be your champion in culinary battle. National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) certified.
See why thousands of professional chefs and home cooks love and trust the DALSTRONG DIFFERENCE. 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it!"

|Universal Knife| With this professional chef's knife, you can easily handle the daily work in your kitchen, such as slicing meat, cutting veggies, and chopping stuffing. Whether you're an experienced chef or a home cook, this kitchen knife is the right assistant for you.
|High Quality Great Price| TUO cutting knife is forged from German high-carbon stainless steel. It has high hardness, good toughness, long service life, and will not rust, corrosion, and discoloration. The Pakkawood handle is elegant and retro, with textured metal embellishment, instantly enhances the taste of life.
|Razor Sharp| Sharpness is the key to knives. Tuo knives are hand polished by craftsmen with decades of experience to ensure their sharpness and durability. Double-sided cutting edge, each side is accurately polished to 12°-15°, suitable both for left-handed or right-handed people.
|Comfortable Hasnd Feel| The comfort when you use the knife is our eternal pursuit. We insist on the ergonomic design, our knives are comfortable to hold and easy to cut. The handle is skin-friendly and streamlined, which can perfectly fit your palm to improve cutting efficiency.
|Exquisite Packaging| All Tuo knife is packaged in a specially designed gift box. Definitely a great gift for your family or friends. Tuo provides a lifetime quality warranty against defects in material and workmanship."

The Omega Series Knives are a precision made instrument. Ideal for briskets, roasts, ham, turkey, sides of salmon, and expertly suited for prepping large fruits and vegetables, slicing bread loaves and layer cakes, the screamingly sharp blade ensures ultra-thin, uniform slices in a single stroke. These Knives are a required addition for every pitmaster, chef, baker, home cook, & more.
The “LiquidMetal” pattern on the blade reduces drag and increases efficiency, allowing you to glide through prep. Featuring ultra-premium American forged BD1N-VX hyper steel, the addition of Nitrogen increases hardness, flexibility, and toughness, while the blade's composition and added vacuum heat-treatment to 63HRC provide astonishing performance, with a screamingly sharp edge. Painstakingly finished to 8-12° per side by expert blade smiths using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method.
The G10 woven fibreglass handle is near impervious to heat, cold and moisture and is presented in a midnight black with subtle dark red colorings. Centered in the full-tang handle is an ornate and over-sized copper and brass mosaic, creating a distinct and striking appearance. The painstakingly detailed craftsmanship continues with the Dalstrong lionhead insignia carefully engraved on both the mirror-polished end-cap and blade itself.
A black PU leather sheath with button clip and distinctive red-stitching is also included to ensure the blades stylish protection and your own safety. Featuring all the precision, premium materials and workmanship you would expect from Dalstrong, only dialled up.
See why thousands of professional chefs and home cooks love and trust the DALSTRONG DIFFERENCE. 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it!"

Handmade Gorgeous 440C Stainless Steel ULU Knife
Great Gift Idea - Also available in Damascus Steel
Multi Purpose Knife Comes With Leather Pouch
Ideal for Chopping Herbs or Pizza Cutter
Sharp Edge Blade with Perfect Grip- Rose Wood Handle"

A quality paring knife is an essential kitchen tool; indispensable because of its versatility, the paring knife is maneuverable and precise, with a fine tip that’s optimal for coring and peeling
The Shun Classic 4-inch Paring Knife has extra length for peeling and trimming larger fruits and vegetables, adding to its practicality and handiness; a must-have kitchen knife for every home
The handle is D-shaped for comfort and made of ebony PakkaWood, a genuine hardwood permeated with resin, increasing the durability to withstand constant use and water for easy cleaning
Shun’s Classic 4-inch Paring Knife is ideal for coring, seeding, peeling, trimming, hulling, cutting and other precise movements needed to prepare fruits, vegetables, and herbs
Equipped with a Damascus clad double-bevel blade; the knife is hand sharpened on both sides to an optimal angle of 16°; the premium VG-MAX core allows the blade to stay sharper, longer"

DESIGNED FOR PRECISION: Crafted for superior control, this high-quality Japanese paring knife features a comfortable, non-slip grip so you will always have confidence in the kitchen. This professional knife has a pointed spear tip that ensures unbeatable precision when cutting small vegetables and fruit into julienne strips or deveining shrimp.
HAND-CRAFTED AND PROFESSIONAL: With our exclusive slicing knives, you will enjoy unbeatable craftsmanship and quality. Each vegetable knife is corrosion-resistant and has an elegant, ergonomic pakkawood handle. The steel blades have been forged by hand one single layer at a time to create a stunning, wavy-patterned Damascus finish.
UNLEASH THE CHEF WITHIN; We’ve designed our professional knives for chefs; yet they are functional and durable enough to be used by the aspiring home chef or weekend grill warrior; Our steel kitchen knife is perfect for slicing, chopping and dicing with precision; Regardless of your technique you’ll find the Nunchi stainless steel paring knife perfectly balanced; Give yourself the tools you need to impress your dinner guests and master your craft
HAND-CRAFTED, SUPER SEXY; Yes, we just called our knife sexy; You’ll first notice the stunning design of the custom box; like you are unboxing the iPhone’s of knives; As you remove the damascus steel paring knife you'll notice attention to detail at every step; Featuring an ergonomic pakkawood handle for a comfortable non-slip grip; Our knife makes the perfect present on any occasion. Or, just be awesome and surprise that special someone on a random Tuesday
YOUR HAPPINESS IS OUR COMMITMENT; We’ve crafted a premium gyuto knife for the home that is as beautiful as it is functional; With proper care, Nunchi knives are rust stain and corrosion resistant and are uncompromisingly sharp straight out of the box; We want you to develop an almost unhealthy love affair with your Nunchi knife"

Premier Gokujo Boning and Fillet Knife is ideal for removing bones from fish and creating thin slices
Featuring a double-bevel flat-ground blade for durability and to move food away from the blade quickly
Hand-sharpened 16-degree cutting angle on each side for a razor-sharp edge Hammered Tsuchime finish helps release food when cutting
Proprietary VG-Max Cutting Core for maximum edge retention clad with 64 layers of stainless steel (32 each side) for corrosion resistance
Walnut Pakkawood handle to fit both right and left hand for a comfortable secure grip"

THE PERFECT KNIFE SET Professional Kitchen Knife Set included 9'' Bread Knife, 8'' Chef Knife, 7'' Santoku Knife, 6.5'' Nakiri Knife, 5'' Kitchen Utility Knife, 3.5'' Kitchen Paring Knife, Wooden Block. A wonderful Set of kitchen knives for your kitchen task. All our knives have gone through at least 3 checks before shipping it out.
UNIQUE KNIFE BLOCK EASY TO STOREAll knives store safely in the natural wood knife block for space efficient storage. The beautiful BLACK HAWK knife set to completement your kichen,look great among your kitchen. Natural Rubber wood is less prone to bending and deformation, its unique decorativ is popular by more and more people.
HIGH QUALITY KITCHEN KNIFE SET Full-tang structure with triple rivets built-in balance each knife and ensure solid durability and superior resilience. Our experienced knife smiths hand sharpen the phenomenally sharp edge with traditional 3-step Honbazuke method to be 8-12 degree per side. Every curve and angle of the handle is ergonomically designed for a comfortable and ambidextrous hold.
IDEAL FOR ANY BUSY KITCHENFeaturing special-forged high-carbon German stainless steel with a precise vacuum heat-treatment and nitrogen cryogenic tempering, it ensures you the superb hardness, flexibility, and lasting performance. High quality has never looked so good at this price.
100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEEWe promise a superior product that will give you a lifetime of exemplary service, try it risk-free, we know you'll love it! Comes with a premium gift box,it is the best choice for as gift, the high-value performance never look so good!"

 Multi-purpose Japanese-style Kiritsuke Knife 8’’ Kiritsuke knife has a sword-like shape with its long and flat blade, which is suitable for prepare food in kitchen, especially slicing, dicing, vegetables, fruits, fish, and meats. Our Kiritsuke knife can be used to perform some of the tasks usually done by the Yanagiba and Usuba. You can make delicious meal with our beautiful Japanese kiritsuke knife.
Sharp blade - High Carbon Stainless Steel Our Kiritsuke knife blade is made from premium high-carbon 7Cr17Mov Steel and heat treated to 56+HRC with excellent corrosion resistance and wear resistance due to the high chromium used in it and more than 0.5% of carbon.  Carefully tapered for improved hardness, flexibility, and minimal slicing resistance. The precisely tapered blade minimizes surface resistance for buttery smooth cut through and enhanced non-stick properties.
Ergonomic Pakkawood HandleOur Kiritsuke knife is made of Pakkawood, which closely resemble natural wood but often come in a range of colors rarely seen in real wood. Pakkawood produces a very dense product that is waterproof.This material holds up well in our knife handle, especially those exposed to wet and adverse environments. Ergonomic handle can be gripped tightly and don't worry slipping off when use our kitchen knife, also is comfortable to cut, slice.
Exquisite Damascus Pattern Damascus pattern in our Kiritsuke knife gives off a mystique from its own elegant pattern, toughness, and durability. Please imagine that your kitchen knives have more aesthetic appeal as well as sharpness and durability. The included black storage case beautifully show our Damascus Kirisuke knife upon opening, which is sure to get an additional value for excellent gift, collection and cooking before people.
100% Satisfaction WarrantyWe guarantee lifetime free replacement. So you don’t have to wonder if you are risking your money. Please feel free to contact us with any questions. With the luxury packing it is also the wise choice as a gift for culinary students, home cooks, professional chefs and more in Christmas."

Powerhouse Knife. Masterfully elegant, perfectly balanced, razor sharp and with exceptional performance, the Phantom Series knife is a statement in refinement, beauty, purity and power.
Peak Performance: Mercilessly sharp, the Phantom Series edge is painstakingly honed by experts craftsman to 13-15° and nitrogen cooled for enhanced hardness, flexibility and corrosion resistance. Carefully tapered for minimal drag, the agile blade ensures swift, precise cuts with effortless ease. Hollow ground for even less resistance.
The Dalstrong Touch: Full tang and precision forged from a single piece of ice tempered, high-carbon, Japanese AUS-8 steel at 58+ Rockwell hardness, the Phantom Series boasts exceptional sharpness, edge retention, strength and durability. Beautifully engraved, the blade further features a hand polished spine and ergonomic bolster shape for a natural and smooth ‘pinch grip’.
Design Perfection: A velvety rich black Spanish pakkawood handle is hand polished and laminated to ensure a heaven like grip with exceptional durability. The traditional Japanese D-shaped handle is expertly engineered to tuck perfectly into the palm of your hand for ultimate control, cut after cut, while the narrow blade design allows for maneuverability and nimble movement like never before. A distinct mosaic pin of brass and copper adds refinement and subtle luxury.
Dalstrong Trust: Rocksolid 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Renowned Dalstrong customer service and packaging. See why chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Dalstrong Difference'. Now you are slicing with POWER. Dalstrong POWER!"

Precision Hollow ground blades maintain their sharpness and are easy to maintain
Hard Rose Gold Titanium pladed blades make for smooth cutting and easy clean up
Soft grip Santoprene handles, are comfortable and provide a sure grip even with wet Hands. One of the most comfortable handles on the market
Attractive Rose Gold blade and bolster with finger guard. Contempary attractive fan shaped Acrylic knife block with black coloured base and copperhighlights
Dish washer safe, but hand washing recommended for all quality knives. If you use dishwasher remove knives at end of cycle and hand Dry. Avoid the use of abrasive cleaners, steel wool, scourers and scouring powder. Hot soapy water and a soft cloth is best."

Shun’s Classic Ultimate Utility Knife is the only knife professional chefs and home cooks need for a wide range of cutting, slicing, dicing, chopping, trimming, spreading and carving needs
The broad, hand-sharpened 16° single-bevel blade is 6-inch (15. 2 cm), with a curved belly that allows the cook to rock the knife on the cutting board when mincing garlic, onions and jalapenos
The Ultimate Utility Knife’s cutting edge has a low-frequency serration perfect for slicing through the thin skin of fruits and vegetables, while the rounded tip is ideal for spreading and buttering
The beautiful and stylish D-Shaped ebony PakkaWood grip handle enhances the elegant, minimalist shape of the knife and complements the swirling patterns of the layered Damascus stainless steel
With its top-quality, multifunctional performance in a home or commercial kitchen and striking, attractive appearance, the Classic Ultimate Utility Knife incorporates the best of form and function"

Steel Type: Stain-Resistant Steel
Blade: Double-Edged (50/50 balanced)
Blade Length: 5.9"" (15cm)
Handle Material: Composite Wood
Hardness Rockwell C scale: 60 ±1"

Blade composed of proprietary VG-MAX stainless steel with stainless Damascus cladding; the design includes incredible edge retention, and razor-sharp profile to easily cut meats, fish and vegetables
Lighter than most typical chef’s knives; the Classic Asian Cook’s narrow profile still allows plenty of knuckle clearance when cutting on a board; nimbleness of knife permits speedy food preparation
Part of Shun’s Classic line, the Cook’s Knife features a stunning handle made of ebony Pakkawood; beautiful and functional piece allows smooth grip and control when maneuvering sharp blade
Shun’s expert Asian Cook’s Knife, also called a gyuto, is Japanese equivalent of traditional chef’s knife; can be diversely used to swiftly chop, cut, dice, mince, carve, and slice
All-Purpose Knife features durable and corrosion-resistant layered steel with a long-lasting, razor-sharp edge; innovative design provides a reliable kitchen essential that produces quality results"

Become a mincing, slicing, dicing and chopping master. Outstanding craftsmanship, cutting-edge technology, stunning design elements, and premium materials. Peak performance has never looked so good at this price.
Incredibly razor sharp, full-tang, imported high-carbon German steel with a hand polished edge at 16-18 degrees per side. Ideal for making quick work of herbs and garlic, fruits, vegetables, nuts and more. Take your dishes to the next level by preserving the freshness of all flavours.
Award winning design, with satisfying heft, premium materials and quality feel. Ultra-premium G-10 handle is military grade with life-long durability. Hand polished, the ergonomic handle shape is engineered for superior control, agility and comfort.
Engineered to perfection at 56+ Rockwell hardness and hand polished to a satin finish. Carefully tapered for improved hardness, flexibility, and minimal slicing resistance. Tall blade height provides useful knuckle clearance. National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) certified.
See why thousands of professional chefs and home cooks love and trust the DALSTRONG DIFFERENCE. 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it!"

Shun Classic Vegetable Cleaver has a 7” wide, square blade, ideal for vegetable preparation; razor-sharp edge perfect for slicing while flat surface of blade is utilized for crushing garlic cloves
The Shun Vegetable Cleaver has a solid feel, yet offers nimble execution of slicing and dicing; powerful enough to handle cabbage and precise enough for smaller ingredients
VG-MAX steel cutting core is a proprietary Shun formula, an innovative upgrade from the VG10 version, with increases of cobalt, chromium, carbon and tungsten, to create the Shun “super steel”
The D-shaped handle is made of ebony PakkaWood, a genuine hardwood infused with resin, producing a water resistant and durable handle, perfect for constant use and easy cleaning
Shun Classic 7-inch Vegetable Cleaver is a kitchen must-have and a perfect gift for cooks, grandparents, homeowners, entertainers, newlyweds, hostesses or to keep as a personal treat"

Versatile Chef KnifeKiritsuke knife is suitable for use as a kitchen knife to prepare food in the kitchen, especially for vegetables, fruits, fish and meat. You can handle most of the tasks in kitchen with this beautiful Japanese kiritsuke knife.
Premium Kitchen SteelThis kiritsuke knife is made of premium German HC stainless steel, which has excellent performance in rust, corrosion and discoloration resistance. High quality steel ensures that your knife is clean and healthy.
Precise CuttingIncredibly razor sharp, hand polished edge by experienced craftsmen at 8-12 degrees per side, provide the most accurate cutting effect and minimum cutting resistance. The tapered knife tip is to make you better separate the chopped food.
Easy Handing Pakkawood handle is hand polished and laminated to ensure comfortable grip and exceptional stability. The ergonomic design also allowing you use this kiritsuke chef knife perfectly and effortlessly.
Trusted ServiceWe provide high-quality customer service, including lifetime warranty. Each tuo knife will be equipped with an exquisite box, which not only can be used for yourself, but also as a unique gift choice for your family or friends."

Kanso is a design principle influenced by Zen philosophy; It means ""simplicity"", but simplicity achieved by eliminating the non-essential
7-inch utility knife where all parts of the blade are used: flat side can be used to smash garlic; sharp tip for peeling, the long, straight edge for portioning meat
Full tang construction for balance and strength; blade is made of Japanese AUS10A steel-an upper-end, highly refined steel that takes and retains a razor-sharp edge
16-degree cutting angle on each side is razor-sharp and cuts cleanly and helps preserve food's freshness and best taste
Handle is made of Tagayasan wood (known as iron sword wood) notable for its denseness, durability and beauty; angled for a chef's grip and precision cutting"

4 PCS in Set: EUNA Steak knife Set includes 4 pieces serrated knives. The length of the whole steak knife is 8.8inch (blade 4.5inch, handle 4.3inch). The serrated edge can slice steaks and other foods smoothly. Both aesthetics and practicability.
Sharp Serrated Edge: The steak Knives are made of high carbon forged stainless steel(3Cr13) that comes with 53+ Rockwell Hardness. The knife blade is painstakingly hand sharpened to 13-15° per side, maintaining the perfect balance between ultra-thin slicing and maximum resilience for smooth cutting.
Non-Stick Coating: Covered with Non-stick Coating, the steak serrated knives are easy to wash. Besides, it has the superior ability for rust resistance and corrosion. We recommend hand wash to avoid coating chipping off.
Ergonomic Handle: Made of pp material, it grasps so comfortably. It is more durable than the traditional wooden handle. Even cutting hardly, it won’t bring you the extra pressure. To fully enjoy your dining time.
Excellent Service & Gift Option: Packed with gift box. It is a perfect gift for yourself, friends, and family for housewarming, festival, and anniversary. All EUNA products include 30 days money-back and 2-years warranty, 24-hour after-sales service to ensure 100% satisfaction."

HIGH CARBON STEEL: High Quality Knife, High Carbon, German 1.4116 stainless steel. 3.5 inch long, sturdy, thick blade with custom made plastic case for storage to protect sharpness. Carefully hand polished & vacuum heat treated blade to create perfectly tapered edge for performance.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE: Beautiful pakka wood handle. Specially shaped handle for ergonomic grip. Balanced design as utility knife kitchen for dicing, slicing, mincing all types herbs, vegetables, fruits. Ideal pairing knife to make part of AVACRAFT's chefs knife, serrated bread knife, utility knife.
LASER SHARP BLADE: Engineered sharpness for smooth cutting. German knife high carbon stainless steel boosts sharpness and maintains it longer under normal use. See our instructions on how to maintain sharpness.
MULTIPUPORSE PARING KNIFE: Ideal kitchen utility knife, use it as chopping knife, vegetable knife, dicing knife, slicing knife, mincing knife, cuchillos de chef professional, cuchillo de cocina, pearing knife. German stainless steel knife. Hand washing and drying recommended.
SATISFACTION GURANTEED: AVACRAFT is the most trusted woman owned small business! At AVACRAFT cookware, we’ve always got your back! Lifetime guarantee for the product bought from AVACRAFT with 100% refund or replacement."


This Santoku knife is designed by our Turwho designer. The beautiful fishbone pattern makes you look cooler and full of charm. Every time you pick it up, you can't help but taking cooking seriously.
FRIENDLY DESIGN: The chef knife is up to 12.2 inches and weighs 0.57 pounds. The optimal size and weight own a best balance.Ultra-premium G-10 handle is military grade with life-long durability. The shade of handle is designed based on the human engineering. This can lessen your tiredness, numbness, and soreness even if you grasp it for a long time.
This Santoku knife is made of high quality Japanese VG-10 steel and treated with 60HRC vacuum heat treatment and liquid nitrogen cooling. The Rockwell hardness of the cutting core is 60+. The cutting edge is 16-18 degrees, which means the blade is super sharp. Compared with similar products at this price, it has outstanding performance advantages.
A santoku knife doesn't differ much from a chef's knife, but due to its rounded end, it combines the functions of a cleaver and a chef's knife in one. You can use it to slice, dice and mince all types of vegetables, fruits, meats, and fish. There is a row of small dimples on the blade, which is designed to reduce the contact area between blade and ingredients. This is why you can move smoothly while cutting.
We use higher quality materials and finer workmanship. Turwho is dedicated to be a brand that you can buy rest assured. If you have any questions about this Santoku knife before or after purchase, just contact our customer service , Turwho team are online 24 hours."


Material: blade / Damascus steel, pattern / laminated wood strengthening, cap / stainless steel
Country of origin: Japan
Blade length: 180mm"

Rugged. Dependable. Knives: Uncompromising look and aggressive feel makes this knife as assertive as it is effective, the DFACKTO Interceptor Series is in a class of its’ own. Precision balance, exceptional weight, and imposing design commands authority when in use or on display.
Remarkable Function: 4 – 4.5” Half Serrated Steak Knives with relentlessly sharp edges hand finished to 20°. With the included rugged 600D travel case the DFACKTO perfect to pack out for your next adventure. The versatile half serrated blade works exceptionally well when slicing breads, meats, or other foods with hard crusts or outer skin.
Formidable Design, Extreme Durability: With full-tang blades and superior anti-slip Mil Spec G10 fiber-resin handles this set is impervious to wet, hot, and cold conditions this set is designed to withstand the abuse of your next outdoor adventure. The natural blade appearance is achieved by an acid stonewash process creating a low maintenance matte finish that will not scratch off like inferior coated blades.
Extraordinary Performance and Edge Retention: Featuring 2.0mm thick 57+- HRC high-carbon 5Cr15Mov stainless steel. Imposing style, rugged functionality, a statement about who you are in any kitchen. The 4 rugged steak knives are accompanied by a matching rugged 600D black custom case for and travel.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEE: Try your new DFACKTO knife risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defects. DFACKTO knives are securely boxed with to ensure safe shipping and make a great gift for yourself, friends, and family. Dominate your kitchen with DFACKTO"

Damascus Kitchen Utility Knife - This 5 inch utility knife is forged from Japanese VG10 Damascus steel to give it an extraordinary hardness (56+ HRC). High quality steel creates good edge retention and reduces the frequency of sharpening. This cooking knife has the long-lasting.
Sharp Edge - Hand polished edge by skilled craftsman ensure its Sharpness and Permanence, which can effortless to cut most of the meat and vegetables. Double side cutting edge, both right and left hands are applicable. Smooth cutting greatly decreases the time to prepare. It becomes easier to process the ingredients. This sharp vg10 paring knife will enhance your cooking experience and let you enjoy the cooking process.
Anti-Slip Handle - To make the 5 inch kitchen knife more professional and minimize fatigue or hand numbness after a long time cutting task, our knife handle made from an imported material for exceptional quality and long-lasting beauty. This material is famous for Comfortable and Durable and it won't crack even long time of use.
Astonishing Performance - The edge of a small damascus knife is hand sharpened by highly-skilled knife smiths, each side of the blade is honed at 8-12 degrees. With precise craftsmanship, we've made it razor-sharp, and it will bring you an excellent experience when actual.
Reliable Service - Fukep promises a 1-year warranty. Please feel free to contact us by email if you have any problems when you use the prep knife."

Multi-functional Chef Knife: Xatori Series 8 inch chef knife is classified and designed to be multipurpose knife for professional applications. It can slicing, dicing as well as chopping a variety of ingredients, including fruits, vegetables and meat. It comes with a HRC( Rockwell Hardness Scale) 58+/-2 which makes it among the tough knives in its class. With its help, your work efficiency will be greatly improved. It will be the best choice for the money and quality.
Razor Sharp Edge: Manufactured from high-carbon Japanese AUS-8 stainless steel and hand polished by experienced experts, so that this knife has excellent performance on rust and corrosion rust resistance, as well as extreme sharpness, the edge of Xatori gyuto knife will remain this way even after cutting tough meat or removing flesh from bones. What’ s more, each blade is intricately machined for the superb hardness, flexibility, durability, as well as stunning cutting performance.
Ergonomic Pakkawood Handle: The handle is made from a unique, luxurious & beautiful Pakkawood (sourced from Africa) , which is a material that known for its comfort, strength and stability. Ergonomic handle can minimize any fatigue, finger numbness or aches after holding knife for a long time.
Wise Gift Choice: This 8 inch gyuto chef knife with a exquisite Gift Box will be a advisable choice as a perfect gift for your family or friends. It can be used for many occasions, whether it's as a Christmas, birthday or New Year's gift. Many people cook at home, and this knife can be the most thoughtful gift. In addition, our knife is also perfect for chefs to use in the kitchen of a restaurant.
Lifetime Guarantee: 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. We guarantee a superior product that will give you a lifetime of exemplary service. With the luxury package it is also a wise choice as an ideal gift to your families and friends."

XYJ BrandStarted in 1986, XYJ knives feature high quality, exceptional sharpness, simple design, great balance and good practicality. Following ergonomics and mechanical levers principles, we greatly improve customers’ cutting experience. XYJ knives are terrific all-rounders designed for climbing, fishing, outdoors, kitchen cooking, etc. A practical knife designed for various tasks, and get your job done quickly.XYJ amazing go-to knife, explore your journey now!
Handmade Forged Technology The camping knife are sharpened manually by workers with more than 30 years of experience by using natural knife grinders mined from Mount Emei. Compared with kitchen knives made with mechanical ways, the service life of such knives is longer.
Muli-purpose&High Quality CleaverThe blade of this boning knife is made of high quality stainless steel, it is design with a V-shaped fine processing blade and ergonomic full tang handle, which can prevent the blade comfortable to grip and non-slip effect, it has a great fit in your hand. It is suitable for cutting meat, fish, vegetable, fruits or any other your favourite foods except bones. You can finish your daily kitchen cutting work and be always in your element by using it.
Multifunctional Cleaver Knife7 inch cleaver knife blade is extremely sharp, and it is suitable for cutting meat, fish, vegetable, fruits or any other your favourite foods except bones. You can finish your daily kitchen cutting work and be always in your element by using it. With a mini whetstone, premium gift box, mini whetstone, it is also the wise choice as a gift.
Convenient To Carry Out The butcher knife kitchen comes with an unique leather knife sheath to protect the knife blade, beautiful and more safety, and can be attached to the belt for easy carrying when using outdoor.(There may have a smell of the leather sheath, please hang in a ventilated place for some days when you receive it.)"

Package Includes XYj cutlery set includes: 1 x 3.5 inch paring knife, 1 x 5 inch utility knife, 1 x 5 inch Santoku knife, 1 x 7 inch Santoku knife, 1 x 7 inch Nakiri, 1 x 8 inch slicing knife, 1 x 8 inch bread knife, 1 x 8 inch chef knife, 8 x knife sheaths, 1 x 8 pockets roll bag
Particular Design The blade of this kitchen knife is made of high quality stainless steel, uses a V-shaped and fine processing blade, which can maintain the sharpness of the chef knife for a long time with incredible robustness and quality
Ergonomic Handle Design The handle is made by high quality color wood, which is comfortable, stability and well balanced when holding to use. The light weight and ergonomic design make the chef knife feels quite balanced and you won’t feel finger numbness
Professional Chef's Knife XYj Stainless steel chef knife is a multifunction cutlery knife, which is designed for professional applications, suitable for cutting, dicing, slicing, chopping with vegetables, fruit bread and meat, adding satisfaction and enjoyment of kitchen experience
Unique Knife Sheath & Roll Bag This cooking knife set comes with knife sheath and canvas roll carry bag, the sheath is use to protect your knife blade and finger, and the knife roll carry case is a good storage organizer to your chef's knife, make it more easy and convenient to carry out"
"UPC Code
11016 dimension
5.5"" x 1"" x 11"""

Featuring 6 elegantly designed spreading knives, whether you are spreading soft cheeses, red pepper jelly or caviar, these long spreaders will not only facilitate your tastes but those of your guests as well
Pakka Wood Patterned Handle: Our exquisite & unique Pakka Wood handles took years to develop. Each wood veneer handle was sanded to a smooth glossy finish & implanted with phenolic thermosetting resins, creating durable, dimensionally stable & moisture resistant finishes that will last a long time. Each wood veneer illustrates differences in grain & coloring, offering individual characteristics throughout. Pakka Wood is renowned for its exceptional quality and long-lasting beauty
Specifications: Handcrafted and perfectly rounded 4” inch long wooden handles. Overall length measurements: 7.5 inches. Blades are crafted from 420J2 Japanese stainless steel in our signature wood handles
The La Côte 6 Piece Pakka Wood Spreader Set is packaged luxuriously. Great gift for the wine and cheese lover
100 % Satisfaction guaranteed or your money back. Try it risk free! La Côte Cheese Knives have been built with perfection in mind. Combining beauty and high quality with extreme performance"

Kershaw
6710P"

Made in Japan
Not Rust, Stain and Dishwasher-Safe
High Carbon Stainless Steel Blade"

Forged and hammered with 16 layers of steel in the Damascus tradition with a VG-10 Core, the VG-10 Hammered Damascus Series has been a perennial best seller, combining performance, beauty, and extraordinary v
One of the most popular knives that a cook can have today is a Japanese Vegetable knife known as a Nakiri knife. The Nakiri is a Japanese double edged knife with a flat cutting edge. The flatness allows for the whole length of the knife to come in contact with the cutting board with each stroke. This is particularly helpful when chopping vegetables since it eliminates those imperfect cuts in which ingredients are hanging by a string.
Reminiscent of a small cleaver, this knife is cherished for its ability to chop through root vegetables to thinly slicing delicate tomatoes. From prepping greens for a salad to chopping vegetables for a main dish, the simplest of tasks are elevated with a handcrafted knife that is as beautiful as it is functional.
Proudly made in Japan. This knife is complimented with a premium Western Style Handle that extends to the full tang of the knife and ergonomically welds to the hand for seamless use. The hammered texture of the blade eliminates friction and keeps food from sticking to the blade. Every knife from Yoshihiro is handcrafted by master artisans creating a unique one-of-a-kind work of art.
Traditional Japanese knife making values a sharp edge, which requires attention and care. Sharpening and honing should be done with only water whetstones. Hand wash and dry only, and do so immediately if working with acidic ingredients. Do not use on objects such as bones, nutshells, and frozen foods.
The Nakiri is a traditional Japanese vegetable knife and is great to have, especially, if you're a lover of soups, salads, herbs, and vegetables. It lends well to chopping and its thin and flat blade edge is designed to make full contact with your cutting surface for a full cut with less chance for vegetables to still be sticking together by a thread
3 Layer construction with a VG-10 Japanese stainless steel center core with a HRC 60 for exceptional sharpness, edge retention, and durability with ease of sharpening.
An elegant 16 layer hammered outer steel is a stylish yet functional design eliminating friction and keeping food from sticking to the blade
Excellent for entry level chefs. Hand wash only and sharpen on quality whetstones. Comes ready to use out of the box. 100% handcrafted by skilled tradesmen in Japan. Not mass produced."

Kiritsuke is the only multipurpose traditional Japanese knife, (in Japan only the executive chef in the kitchen is allowed to use one)
Featuring a double-bevel, flat-ground blade for durability and to move food away from the blade quickly
Hand-sharpened 16-degree cutting angle on each side for a razor-sharp edge; Hammered Tsuchime finish helps release food when cutting
Proprietary VG-Max Cutting Core for maximum edge retention; clad with 64 layers of stainless steel (32 each side) for corrosion resistance
Walnut Pakkawood handle to fit both right and left hand for a comfortable, secure grip"

PREMIUM DAMASCUS KNIFE SET - Each blade is meticulously crafted by condensing 67 layers of stainless steel to achieve true Damascus authenticity and quality, and then hand-finished for ultimate sharpness, hardness (62 HRC), performance, and durability. This knife set includes a Supreme Series 7.5 inch Damascus stainless steel meat cleaver with a full-tang Japanese mosaic handle, edge guard cover, sharpening stone, embroidered drying cloth, and wooden storage box.
PROFESSIONAL QUALITY AT AN AFFORDABLE PRICE - Master Maison was founded by 2 lifelong cooks who struggled to find professional-quality knives at everyday prices. Our Californian founders partnered with dozens of professional chefs to design stain-resistant and rust-resistant knife sets at an affordable price point.
SUPERIOR EDGE RETENTION: This Damascus knife is forged from the highest quality, rare Japanese stainless steel. It offers remarkable sharpness, superior edge retention (stays sharp for longer) and rust and corrosion resistance that will last you a lifetime. An essential in any kitchen, this Japanese meat cleaver is perfect for cutting through meat and bone with ease.
BEAUTIFUL DESIGN WITH EASY STORAGE - An intricate, mosaic design is rooted in rich history and sets the Damascus knife apart. The included storage box reduces clutter from the counter and protects your one-of-a-kind knife for years to come.
EASY CARE AND UNLIMITED 1-YEAR WARRANTY: Our knives carry an unlimited 1-year warranty. We recommend hand washing and promptly drying your knives after usage to protect their sharpness and glossiness. If you ever have an issue, reach out to our customer service team."

CHOP SLICE AND CARVE TO PERFECTION – Cooking up a storm in the kitchen? This world-class santoku knife is the only tool you need to take your culinary skills to the next level. The ultra-sharp edge makes cutting, dicing, chopping and slicing effortless and precise.
JAPANESE AUS-10 SUPER STEEL – Beautifully crafted from high-carbon Japanese steel and engineered for superior performance at 60+ Rockwell hardness. 66 layers of vacuum-treated stainless-steel deliver unbeatable strength, life-long durability and excellent resistance to stains and rust.
G10 MILITARY-GRADE HANDLE - Ergonomically shaped for a comfortable grip and exceptional control. The blade’s smooth spine accommodates a ‘pinch grip’, allowing you to cut and slice with extra agility and precision. The handle is hand-polished for a sleek finish, adding a touch of luxury to any knife drawer.
RAZOR SHARP BLADE EDGE – Sharpened to a mirror finish at 8-12 degrees per side using the traditional Honbazuke method. Nitrogen cooled for enhanced strength and sharpness, with a full-tang, double-riveted design that provides a sure grip.
LIFETIME WARRANTY – We’re proud to say we believe in our blades. That’s why your Cutluxe santoku knife comes with a lifetime warranty against material or workmanship defects. Purchase without risk and slice and dice with peace of mind."

Design Purity. A collection of stunningly designed, all-steel knives, offering a minimalist aesthetic with unobtrusive beauty. The less is more approach to this series’ design ensures a perfect pairing with any decor, while the razor sharp German made ThyssenKrupp x50crmov15 blade steel at 58+ Rockwell delivers exceptional performance. Painstakingly hand sharpened to 16-18 degrees per side, maintaining the perfect balance between ultra-thin slicing and maximum resilience.
A Single Piece of Razor Sharp Steel. A seamless and sleek transition from the blade to a high-chromium stainless steel handle characterizes the knives with an aggressive, forward moving stance. The sharply drawn lines forming the profile of each knife are indicative of modern design, while the ‘fuller' groove machined into every blade is reminiscent of historical medieval swords, welding the past and present together.
Ultimate Function & Performance. The stylized groove along the knife offers the added benefits of reducing friction and stuck on food, while also subtly lightening the knife and improving balance. Full tang blade for added strength and robustness. Beautifully hand polished to a satin finish, with a tapered design for for hardness and flexibility. Precisely tempered for resilience with a polished spine to facilitate a comfortable pinch grip.
Included is the 'Dalstrong Scabbard', a beautifully designed, hand-crafted blade sheath with engraved magnet to hold the knife securely in place. A smart and stylish way to protect your blades and fingers. Like a modern version of the medieval, steel-clad knight, the Crusader Series knife is a strikingly pure tool, ready and waiting to be your champion in culinary battle. National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) certified.
See why thousands of professional chefs and home cooks love and trust the DALSTRONG DIFFERENCE. 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it!"

HIGH QUALITY - This professional kitchen knife set with block is made of Superior GERMAN STEEL X50CR15MOV blades for precision and accuracy. No rust, stains or pitting here!
EASY TO STORAGE - All knives store safely in the hard wood knife block for countertop space efficient storage. Trust your vision, this unique knife holder is perfect for your kitchen, easy to use and flexible
WORLD CLASS KNIFE SET - Exclusive taper grind edge technology provides optimum sharpness for precise cutting and is easy to re-sharpen. The ergonomically designed handle provides comfort and confidence in handling.
VALUE SET - 6 pieces knives set for kitchen includes: 1pc 8"" bread knife, 1pc 8"" chef knife, 1pc 8"" carving knife, 1pc 7"" santoku knife, 1pc 5"" utility knife, 1pc 3.5"" paring knife, 1pc pairs of kitchen shears, and 1pc Acacia knife block.
EASY CARE - The kitchen knife set with block is easy and fast to clean. To protect the sharpness and glossiness of the knives, please DO NOT wash the knives in dishwasher. Clean and dry them immediately after hand washing to get the most out of them."

BEST IN CLASS: This razor sharp, visually appealing, minimal slicing resistance, satisfying heft, premier bread knife makes an ideal gift for any chef. The 10-inch (25.4cm) full-tang razor-sharp design makes it an ideal, multipurpose tool, you can easily cut crusty breads, cake, bagel, soft fruits, pineapple, tomatoes and more. Your food will be sliced with precision, just like a professional chef - cooking never felt so good!
HIGHEST QUALITY GERMAN STEEL BLADES: The ThyssenKrupp high carbon stainless steel blade provides you with top of the line, long lasting performance. The use of this high quality blade means that your knife will be rust, corrosion and stain resistant therefore ensuring low maintenance for you! The 56 rockwell hardness means that the blade is tough, hard and boasts exceptional edge retention, while the extra length gives you extreme cutting power and control.
EXTREME COMFORT: The full tang, ergonomic safe grip knife has been expertly forged with a rounded large black handle and a rare tapered bolster. This provides you with perfect balance, offering ultimate robustness and total control. Just what you’ve been waiting for - comfort and performance! Try this sword like kitchen’s masterpiece and you will never look back! Look at the rest of the CP-series to make up your collection set!
VALUE & PERFORMANCE: Designed with an extra-sharp, serrated, wavy tooth thin edge at 18-degrees, this is a knife that will NEVER need sharpening. This ensures long lasting cutter performance - taking your culinary skills to the next level. Set in an ultra premium packaging box, this knife makes the perfect gift for a loved one, or if you want to treat yourself. Designed to fit your palm better than any glove, this knife gives the user high performance comfortability, making food prep easier.
100% SATISFACTION or MONEY BACK GUARANTEE - TRY IT RISK FREE: Offering a lifetime warranty against manufacturing defects (only if purchased direct from 'Zelite Infinity' - check item is ""sold by Zelite-Infinity""); our chef knives have been built with perfection in mind. This knife makes an ideal cutlery gift for any holiday; while also being a personal favorite of home cooks, professional chefs, and culinary students alike! Offered in a limited supply, order now before they are sold out!"

Small But Mighty: The Misen paring knife is the perfect companion tool to a classic chef knife. A smaller blade helps make precision cuts effortless and will elevate the fine-detail work in your kitchen.
Premium Steel: The small knife is crafted from AICHI AUS-10 steel which offers a superior balance between long lasting sharpness and durability with 2x the carbon content of some other “premium” knives.
Peeling, Slicing & More: An excellent fruit knife, Misen paring knives step in when a standard chef’s knife might be too big for the task at hand. Precision slicing, chopping, and peeling, all made effortless.
Unique Design: A distinctive sloped bolster shape encourages a proper and safer ""pinch grip” for better comfort and control. The vegetable knife also features a more acute 15 degree angle for a noticeably sharper cutting face.
Unmatched Value: We could charge more for our kitchen knives, but that would be wrong. We believe in using the best materials possible and selling directly to you at a fair and honest price."

Discretely conceal the folding knife in pant pockets or suit jacket with total ease; the 3.5-inch blade folds nicely and stays closed using the liner locking system with ease
Skillfully constructed, razor-sharp VG10 stainless steel blade with beautiful and distinguished ebony PakkaWood handle has a glossy, desirable, fit and finish
Functional pocketknife meets exquisite steak knife in the form of a slender, lightweight folder; give as a bachelor’s gift, wedding or anniversary gift; it is a possession of understated elegance
Whether for the holidays, supper club, date night, birthdays, brunch or a couple’s dinner, Shun Higo-No Kami Personal Steak/Gentleman’s Knife has wow-factor and precision craftsmanship
This lightweight, slender knife fits nicely into a suit pocket and includes a handsome, high-quality leather sheath for convenient storage or easy carrying; Knife measures 3.5 inches when folded"

gG Knife Uses: Chef Knife, Restaurant Knife, Kitchen Knife, Cooking Knife, Vegetable Knife
The Right Choice: No matter what you’re cooking, this all-purpose chef knife will have your back.
The Features You Need: 8-inch blade, comfortable ABS handle, expanded bolster. See Product Description.
Made The Right Way: Your purchase should have a positive impact on all the people involved.
Pay It Forward: A piece of your purchase helps the Global Orphan Project care for children in need."

[SUPER SHAPE BLADE] HEZHEN Master Series chef knife are made by Damascus steel which have been proper plasticity, compression and heat treatment. There’re total 67 layers steel, improving the thickness to protect the 10Cr15CoMoV core steel, and also improving the sharpness. The Damascus Steel with rose pattern look beautiful and elegant, each of them is treated deep freezer in liquid nitrogen to improve hardness flexibility and corrosion resistance.
[EXCELLENT 10Cr15CoMoV STEEL CORE] HEZHEN Master Series knife has a super 10Cr15CoMoV core with hardness 60-62HRC, the steel include super sharpness, strong resistance and razor sharp edge. Since it contains Cr, Mo, Co ingredient, making it more rust-resistant, more wear-resistant, better sharpness, that is why the 10Cr15CoMoV steel core is better resistant than AUS-10 steel.
[Ergonomic handle] Hezhen Damascus steel chef's knife handle is made of white shadow wood handle and inlaid rivets. It is elegant and beautiful. It not only feels comfortable and reduces fatigue after long-term use, but also is easy to cut, heat/moisture-proof, and durable. The brass ring embedded in the handle provides incredible balance.
[PERFECT KITCHEN TOOL] HEZHEN Master Series can cut vegetables, fruits, sushi, bread, bacon, fish fillets, processed dishes, etc. It can be used at home or in restaurants for cutting and slicing. HEZHEN double bevel knife is an indispensable tool for professional chefs and an indispensable kitchenware for cooking beginners.
[100% QUALITY ASSURANCE] Buying HEZHEN knife directly has a lifetime warranty to avoid manufacturing defects. We believe the knives could be used by no matter a beginner, a cooking student or a home chef. HEZHEN brand knives are always recommended by well-known chefs."

Germany High Quality Steel  KONOLL series uses Germany steel - 5CR15MOV. A great steel for the everyday use of any chef. With an HRC of 56+/-2 it will take an angled edge and hold it for long enough to help extend the life of your knife (w/ general maintenance). The clad dimple allow for easy food release while slicing or dicing. This blade is great for vegetables, fruits, fish, and meats. [Please refrain from cutting frozen products as this may detriment the knife's edge.]
Weight/Balance  The balance point runs heel to spine up the billet. Allowing the user a comfortable grip with precise cuts, and less wear and tear on the users hands. The weight is towards the blade of the knife making for efficient use during rock chopping motion.
Stainless steel blade with high-carbon  The professional 8 inch chef's knife is made from high-quality stainless steel. And to boost its sturdiness, the steel contains 0.6%-0.75% carbon, making it two times as hard as other knives in its class as they contain just 0.3% carbon.
Multifunctional Sharp Knife This professional 8 inch chefs knife is classified and designed to be a multipurpose kitchen knives for professional applications. This sharp knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks like chopping, slicing, dicing, mincing for vegetables, fruits, meat, and cheese.
LIFETIME WARRANTY  100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE,Lifetime warranty against defects or workmanship, Try it risk free.If you try it， You will love it and you can't extricate yourself!"

VERSATILE KNIFE: Among all kinds of a kitchen knife, a chef knife is the most versatile one in the kitchen. If you have to buy one knife, make it a chef’s knife. The blade shape of the knife is comparatively flat along the edge and tends to be a bit more narrow. It’s suitable for slicing and push cutting.
SUPER STEEL: Adopted premium AUS-10 high carbon steel as core of the blade, sandwiched with 66 layers of softer steel, it features a high level of rust-resistance and long-lasting performance which featuring a stunning dragon-keel pattern on the blade. The steel is precisely processed with vacuum heat treatment and nitrogen cooling treatment, reaching the high hardness at 62+/-2 HRC and great edge retention.
RAZOR SHARP EDGE: The edge is hand sharpened by highly-skilled knife smiths using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method, each side of the blade is honed at 18 degrees. This razor-sharp blade provides for unmatched efficiency. Your work in the kitchen is done in no time!
PREMIUM PAKKAWOOD HANDLE: From the striking grain of the polished pakkawood handle to the gentle curve of the blade, this is an ergonomic handle design for exceptional comfort and durability. The Pakka wood (sourced from Africa) is unique for each handle; luxurious & beautiful.
TUO GUARANTEE: A Fiery Phoenix kitchen has an international & multi-functional feel. 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it! With the luxury packing it is also the wise choice as a gift."

[Healthy Material]: Made of high quality stainless steel with shiny mirror polish, good hardness, non-toxic and tasteless, corrosion-proof and heat resistant, dishwasher safe (no harsh detergents).
[Design]: Artistic and stylish appearance with mirror polish. Add them to your kitchen, they will certainly enhance your gastronomic experience when it comes to steaks and other types of meat.
[Comfortable Use]: Heavy and solid arc handle with smooth edges, bring a comfortable feeling for holding. clear and sharp knife edges and let you cutting the steak or meats more easily.
[Easy Clean]: It is easy and convenient to clean by hand wash and also dishwasher safe. However, we recommend hand washing for longer lasting shine and quality.
[Satisfaction Guaranteed] - three years’ warranty! We hope you enjoy using this sets as much as we do. Please contact us if you you aren’t completely satisfied with this product."

Steel Type: Stain-Resistant Steel
Handle Material: Composite Wood
60 Rockwell Hardness.9 to 12 degree blade angle"

Designed by Michelin-starred chef Thomas Keller and crafted by award-winning cutlery maker Cangshan. Single large rivet features Thomas Keller's initials.These fine-edge steak knives cut cleanly through meat without tearing.
Hand crafted full tang knives forged from tight grained, X50CrMoV15 German Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention.
Ultra-precise 6-stage heat treatment creates a Rockwell hardness rating of 58 +/-2, allowing the blade to take a remarkably sharp edge. Hand polished and hand sharpened by expert bladesmiths. 16-degree Asian-style cutting edge."

SAMURAI SERIES - Sleek. Gorgeous. Ferociously formidable with unparalleled craftsmanship. Designed by our master artisans, our Samurai Series Carving Set features a perfectly balanced & ergonomic grip for amazing comfort & safety. The traditional carving knife has been redesigned with modern refinements to be sleek, fast, aerodynamic, and highly engineered for precision and maneuverability. Visually stylish & sure to draw the eye in any kitchen, this is one great-looking knife & fork.
THE BLADE - Relentlessly sharp like a surgeon’s scalpel & made from our own specially formulated High Carbon 7CR17MOV Stainless Steel for enhanced corrosion resistance & non-stick properties. This Precision Forged blade is individually handcrafted & hand-sharpened using the traditional 3-stage Honbazuke method by our virtuoso technicians to 16° per side for clean, precise, cuts, amazing edge-retention, & it has a Rockwell Hardness of 58 for maximum strength, flexibility, & blade edge durability.
WONDROUS COMFORT - When you first grip the handle of this knife and fork it will feel as if it was made for you specifically. The Mirror-Polished Smooth Pakka Wood handle offers amazingly superior Full Tang strength (so the blade extends far into the handle for a lifetime of safe & precise use). Its seamless build ensures that no dirt or debris can ever infiltrate its pristine body, and is nearly impervious to heat, cold, and moisture.
CONSTRUCTED TO LAST FOREVER - This set will be your culinary companion for life & comes with Kessaku’s 100% Lifetime Warranty. Because we work tirelessly to ensure you’re delivered true quality culinary masterpieces, all of our knives come with our Kessaku True Lifetime Warranty. Our very highest priority is that you are completely thrilled with our products & truly in love with our brand. Contact us with any issue or concerns & we will immediately do our absolute best to make it right.
MAKES AN AMAZING PRESENT - This exquisite knife will arrive in style, greeting you in our beautifully designed & elegant Magnetic Closure Gift Box, Custom Sheath & Polishing Cloth. Perfect for a Birthday, Wedding, Anniversary, Mother’s Day, Father’s Day, Christmas, House Warming, etc. Give this to your favorite chef. The astonishing quality of this lovingly crafted, professional knife means you’ll be giving them a gift that they’ll have & use for eternity so they’ll always think of you!"

Blade Detail: Plain Edge; Blade Length (inches): 6.00; Blade Material: Stainless Steel;
Handle Material: Wood; Special Features: ;"

Blade clad in Damascus steel for a longer lasting cutting edge and a more attractive finish
Damascus steel also reduces adhesion between the blade and the food being chopped
Interior steel of the blade hardened up to 60° Rockwell rating"

Japnese AUS10 Damascus Steel Set includes: 8-inch Chef s Knife set , 8-inch Bread Knife, 8-inch Slicing Knife, 7-inch Santoku Knife, 6-inch Boning Knife , 5-inch Utility knife, 3.5-inch Paring Knife Combination 67 layers JapanesUS10 Stae Ainless steel, diamond 201 steel Sharpener, 8-slot Slim Design Dark Wood Block Knife Set
Knives Set crafted of premium Japanese AUS10 67-layer steel for excellent edge retention An ultra sharp AUS-10V Japanese super steel cutting core at 62+ Rockwell hardness extraordinary performance and edge retention. 66 layers of premium high-carbon stainless steel layers ensure exceptional strength durability and stain resistance Our AUS 10 Knife is non-stick has an exquisite raindrop damascus pattern and is liquid nitrogen tempered ensuring long lasting performance stain & rust resistant
Rockwell Hardness: 60-62 hand-sharpened Japanese double-bevel blade angle 12° (each side) Hand finished using the traditional 3-step honbazuke method this knife set has an Incredible 12 degree pro razor edge per side mirror polished cutting angle ensuring maximum sharpness & safety effortless slicing of meat, fish sushi, vegetable fruit and more bringing Excitement back to cooking Very easy for cutting it is smart choice for life best use Home and kitchen
Classic black Ultra-premium G10 handle with flower rivets strong durable and resists moisture.Riveted to the forged full tang for extra strength & durability, tastefully adorned .Ergonomically designed handles to ensure a secure and comfortable grip! Extreme comfort, perfect balance!
Our Chef Japanese Damscus Steel knives are ideal Multipurpose cutlery gift Christmas, Weddings, Birthdays, Fathers Day, Mothers Day for Kitchen & Home cooks, professional chefs, culinary students and more. Make life easier and more comfortable best Knife set gifts for professionals chefs knives sets"

Sharp Ceramic Knife never rust, stain or change the taste of food;you can know the real beef taste.
really nature sharp,don't need to use out of your strength.let you be a real gentleman or a graceful women.Easy cleaning
6 pieces (6x 4 inch Steak knifes+ 6 knife safe case),
Material Composition: Blade - Zirconium Oxide-Handles: ABS Plastic,
Environmental health Knives keep food out of pollution.Ceramic knife is easy to clear, you can clean it by a wet dishcloth or rinse with clean waterwet .please don't put it in dishwasher,and keep out of hot water,or it is easy to broken or the handle get loose ."

KNIFE FEATURES - Office knife (knife: 7.5-inch / blade: 3-inch) Enjoy the perfect cut!
RAZOR SHARP - Thanks to VG10 Damascus steel, a blade hardness of 60±2 HRC is achieved. The professional kitchen knife is and remains extra sharp even with frequent use.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE - Best balanced Damascus Office knife is a kitchen knife great for working with smaller size food. With ergonomically shaped pakka wood handle for fatigue-free slicing and cutting in the kitchen.
THE PERFECT GIFT - These Damascus professional knives are a visual highlight and not only the perfect gift idea for the barbecue season, also a special gift for all chefs and knife lovers!
WITH ELEGANT GIFT BOX - Thanks to the beautiful packaging, the knife can be given away directly and is a great joy for every ambitious cook!"

Outstanding craftsmanship, cutting-edge technology, stunning design elements, and premium materials. Peak performance has never looked so good at this price.
Incredibly razor sharp slicer, full-tang, imported high-carbon German steel with a hand polished edge at 16-18 degrees per side. Flexible blade technology ensures de-boning, preparing, filleting, skinning, trimming and butterflying all your favorite meats is not only easier but more efficient and satisfying
Ultra-premium G-10 handle is impervious to heat, cold and moisture. Military grade with life-long durability. Handpolished ergonomic handle shape is engineered for superior hand control, agility and comfort.
Engineered to perfection at 56+ Rockwell hardness and hand polished to a satin finish. Carefully tapered for improved hardness, flexibility, and minimal slicing resistance. Tall blade height provides useful knuckle clearance. The Slicer is perfect for carving roasts, ham, prepping large fruits and vegetables, and slicing bread loaves and layer cakes. National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) certified.
See why thousands of professional chefs and home cooks love and trust the DALSTRONG DIFFERENCE. 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it!"

ULTRA SHARP CHEFS KNIFEThis All-Purpose Chefs knife with super sharp edge and perfect curvature(10-15°per side) meets all the chef's requirements for the knife. Each Kiritsuke knife is carefully machined and forged by multiple processes to achieve the best balance of hardness, toughness and sharpness, providing unparalleled performance. This chef knife is perfect for mincing, slicing, and dicing any fruit, fish, meat, sushi and vegetables.
JAPANESE VG10 DAMASCUS CHEFS KNIFEThis Kiritsuke chefs knife is made of Japanese Super Damascus VG10 67-layer Steel and forged by hand. Vacuum heat treatment and nitrogen cooling technique are implemented so the Knife Blade is very sharp that can last a long time. VG-10 Japanese super steel cutting core at 62+ Rockwell hardness. Minimal Slicing Resistance. [Please refrain from cutting, hitting or chopping frozen products or bones as this may detriment the knife's edge.]
Durable G10 handle for pro chefsThe ultra-premium G-10 handle of the Japanese Damascus Chef Knife, which is designed for superior control, agility and comfort, has gone through special treatment, making it extremely impervious to heat, moisture, cold with military grade strength and life-long sturdiness. The stability of the handle allows the user full manipulation of the blade. [Pleases note that this handle can not be put into dishwasher.]
Perfect Gift - Wood Sheath & Gift BoxJapanese Damascus chef knife is not only sharp, but the decoration is also world class. Stunning WAVE pattern surface makes your cooking moment to be the most enjoyable time in life. This is a wonderful gift for Home Cooks, Professional Chefs, Culinary Students and collection(Christmas, Weddings, Birthdays, Mother’s Day, Father’s Day).
Quality Guarantee for Kiritsuke Chef Knives100% satisfaction or money back for the Chef Knives. Try it risk free. Superior Chef Knives that will give you a lifetime of exemplary service. We are committed to providing our customers with quality knives and friendly service, If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us. We would always try our best to satisfy your shopping experience."

8 Pcs Damascus Steel Kitchen Chef Utility Knife Set with Chopper or Cleaver
Offered by GladiatorsGuild for kitchen, Camping & Hunting consisting of wood or bone handle
Custom or Hand made damascus steel kitchen knife set having a piece of black horn at the end of handle
Blade Lengths:
to Protect your Damascus kitchen knifes set, BE SURE to clean with a cloth & apply VEGETABLE OIL after each use. Don't let it WET for long time. Store it oiled all the time."

MONEY BACK GUARANTEE: We think you're going to love Heavy Duty Stainless Steel Chopper/Cleaver/Butcher Knife as much as we do! But in case you don't, you are covered by our 30 day, no questions asked, money back guarantee. We want our customers to be 100% happy.
QUALITY MATERIAL - Heavy Duty Chopper / Cleaver/ Butcher Knife is made from 100% Stainless steel. Painstakingly manufactured this knife is pure fun to work with and will turn even the preparation of a dish into a culinary pleasure.
GENEROUSLY SIZED - 7.2-Inch Cleaver knife cuts easily through large pieces of food. 4Cr13 Blade thickness: 3.0mm. Heavy duty stainless steel cleaver is ideal for chopping through joints and bones. The blade is constructed of superior quality, high-carbon stainless-steel for excellent edge retention. Hole in top corner for easy storage on hanging hook or peg.
EASY CARE - Cleaver/Butcher/Chopper is dishwasher safe but hand wash to retain the fine quality of their exceptional blades.
COMFORT GRIP & DURABILITY -No-slip Ergonomic Handle Ergonomically designed handle is Full Tang, which can prevent the blade of this chefs cleaver from falling easily, help you get good hold feeling and non-slip effect. The kitchen cleaver butcher knife is a great beauty, impeccable"

WÜSTHOF CLASSIC IKON SERIES – Features a sleek and sophisticated black handle with a double bolster for exceptional balance, beauty, and the ultimate cutting experience. Classic IKON: Design, Ergonomics, and Quality Perfected
PRECISION FORGED – Forged from a single block of High Carbon Stainless Steel and tempered to 58-degree HRC. The Precision Edge Technology (PEtec) yields a blade that is 20% sharper with twice the edge retention than previous models
STEAK KNIFE – The CLASSIC IKON Four Piece Steak Set includes four 4 1/2"" Steak Knives
CENTURIES OF TRADITION – Family owned for seven generations, WÜSTHOF was founded in Solingen, Germany over 200 years ago. WÜSTHOF’s cutlery carries the Solingen name, a designation reserved for products that meet the strictest quality standards"


Folding personal steak knife by Kai - measures 7. 5 inches long when opened, 4. 6 inch when closed
Made with Japanese 420J2 stainless steel with a beautiful finish and a razor-sharp 16 Degree cutting angle each side
Knife opens easily with a slim, elegant lever, but with no spring assist; features a secure liner lock, to ensure the blade stays safely open during use
Razor sharp blades glides through steak like butter, keeping flavorful juices inside the meat, not on your plate
Folds neatly into a leather sheath for compact storage; perfect for pockets or purses"

Grade : NSW Damascus / Knife Type: Usuba (Vegetable Chef) Knife
Steel Type: 46 Layers VG-10 Hammered Damascus
Blade: Double-Edged (50/50) / Blade Length: 6.3inch (160mm)
Handle Material: Octagonal-Shaped Shitan / Bolster: Double Mahogany
Hardness Rockwell C scale: 60 / Saya Cover: Natural Magnolia Saya Included"

Arcos Monoblock Steak knife set includes: 6 pcs of 4 inch steak knife
State-of-the-art made blade ensures high cutting power and long edge retention
Made of hardened and tempered high-carbon stainless steel
Strait and fine edge without serration provides a clear and perfect cut on steaks
Precise cutting tool used by professional chefs worldwide"

Premium Material: The knife is made of high carbon stainless steel to ensure its wear-resistant, durable, rust resistant,which makes it among the tough kitchen knives in its class, not fragile as others.
Multifunctional Chef Knife: The chef knife is designed for your daily kitchen tasks like chopping, slicing, dicing, mincing for vegetables, fruits, meat, and cheese.
Extremely Sharp: knife blade is made from forged high carbon steel. The blades are then hand-sharpened and lastly satin finished. which is sturdy and sharp to finish kitchen tasks perfectly.
Ergonomic Handle: Ergonomic & comfortable design handle, it provide slip resistance and a better grip, make it more easy to hold, so you will not feel tired for using a long time.
Perfect Gift: The knife comes in a high-quality black gift box, making it the perfect gift for a mother, father, grandparent or friend."

Japanese Chef KnifeFeatured curved blade profile, this santoku knife is very suitable for cooking preparations, such as cutting various vegetables, fruits and meats. The 7-inch blade is easy to control, making cutting more flexible.
Peak PerformanceThe blade is forged with German high-carbon stainless steel, reaching a Rockwell hardness of 56+, which is more wear and corrosion resistant. And because of high-quality steel, the asian chef knife can maintain sharpness for a long time.
Convenience DesignThe edge of the Japanese knife is ground to 8-12 degrees per side, and the razor-sharp tapered blade provides a precise cutting experience. The hollow surface minimizes the slicing resistance, making your cutting more efficient.
Ergonomic HandleThe handle of kitchen knife is made of Pakkawood, a material from Africa that is known for its comfort and strength, and is reinforced by ""T"" rivets to provide stability and balance. The handle design is to provide you with a comfortable experience.
Trusted ServiceTUO provide high-quality customer service, including lifetime warranty. Each tuo kitchen knife comes with an exquisite box and a cleaning cloth, which not only can be used for yourself, but also as a unique gift for your family or friends."

VERSATILE USE: This 17 pcs knife set included 8 inch chef knife, 7 inch vegetable cleaver knife, 7 inch santoku knife, 6.5 inch nakiri knife, 7 inch boning knife, 5 inch utility knife, 4 inch paring knife, 5 inch steak knife*6, kitchen scissor, honing steel and a wooden blcok, which can be used in many situations, whether at home or in a restaurant. It is also the best choice for you to give as a gift to your friends.
HIGHEST TECHNOLOGY: Featuring special-forged German stainless steel and after vacuum heat treatment and nitrogen cryogenic tempering, the rust resistance and oxidation resistance are improved to ensure the cleanness of the knife and food safety. The steel of our Fiery Phoenix series ensures you the superb hardness, flexibility, and lasting performance.
RAZOR SHARP EDGE: The blade is hand-polished by skilled blacksmiths using the traditional three-step Honbazuke method. With each side of the blade measuring only 18 degrees, this extremely sharp blade provides you with unparalleled cutting pleasure.Your work in the kitchen will be easy and efficient.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE: In addition to the surprisingly comfortable feel and ergonomically shaped line design , the unique color combination is also the highlight of this knife. Instead of the traditional simple black handle, the handle of this knife adopts a fashionable combination of tan and black, which is similar to the color of tiger fur to give this knife a wild and powerful look and make your kitchen look less monotonous.
TUO LIFETIEM GUARANTEE: 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. We guarantee a superior product that will give you a lifetime guarantee against manufacturer defects."

A Dalstrong culinary revolution combining outstanding and award-winning craftsmanship, cutting-edge breakthrough technology, awe-inspiring design, and the absolute best materials available. Inspired by the design of the Tanto knife that was once used by Samurai’s to pierce through the tough armours of enemies, the Shogun Series 8” Tanto Chef Knife is your ultimate tool for overcoming any unexpected or expected food obstacles in the kitchen, no matter how hard or tough.
Unrivalled Performance: Ruthlessly sharp scalpel like edge is hand finished to a mirror polish within a staggering 8-12°degree angle per side using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method. Equipped with an extremely strong high point and a slight belly for versatility, the Shogun Series 8” Tanto Chef Knife is your everyday workhorse built to puncture, cut, slash, stab, slice, thrust, chop, and scrape various foods with ease.
A higher concentration of The Shogun Series’ highly coveted ultra-premium Japanese high carbon AUS-10V steel is found near the tip of the blade, where the aesthetically pleasing blade point is perfectly aligned with its spine, to give the knife exceptional durability and optimal absorption power from the impact of repeated piercing through tougher foods that would likely damage or break other knives.
Engineered to Perfection: Ultra-premium G-10 handle is military grade with life-long durability. Carefully hand polished, the ergonomic handle shape is engineered for superior hand control, agility and comfort. Hand-polished blade spine for smooth handling.
Dalstrong Trust: Rocksolid 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Renowned Dalstrong customer service. See why chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Dalstrong Difference'. Dalstrong luxury packaging. Now you are slicing with POWER. Dalstrong POWER!"

Professional Kitchen Knife: This KTF series 8"" damascus chef's knife is designed for professional chefs. With its sharp edges, unique design and good cutting experience,it is an ideal appliance for cooking beginners, professional chefs and ordinary households.
High Cost Performance:The yarenh knife is made of the best materials in Japan and Europe in the world-famous ""Cutter City"" Yangjiang-China. By using premium materials and low-cost mature process, it provides customers with the highest quality damascus steel kitchen knife at attractive price, while giving them a sophisticated cutting experience.
Damascus Steel Blade: The blade is made of 67 layers of Damascus steel; the 10Cr15CoMoV high carbon steel is selected for the steel core whose hardness is stable at 60 ± 2HRC, showing its excellence in high sharpness and durability.
Dalbergia Wood Handle : dalbergia is a natural solid wood. Due to the different cutting season, wood location and growth environment, there are certain differences in the color and texture of the handle, which is a normal phenomenon and cannot be avoided.
Excellent Services: We are committed to providing high quality, cost-effective products and excellent services. If you are not satisfied with the products or services within one month after buying the product, we will give an unconditional refund."

Multi-functional Kitchen Knife: The classic 8 inch cleaver knife can easily handle daily kitchen tasks like chopping, slicing, dicing, mincing, a good chopper for cutting meat and vegetables in your kitchen and restaurant
Premium Material: outstanding craftsmanship, stunning unique design,premium German HC stainless steel enables Chopper -Cleaver-Butcher knives hardness to ensure its wear resistance,Kitchen knife blade is mirror polished by hand, ensuring ultra-thin slicing and dicing with minimal effort, this Chinese cleaver knife of wide blade keeps the cook's fingers away from the cutting surface.
No-slip Ergonomic Handle: The knife's handle is made from high quality hard wood to make it more professional and minimize any fatigue, finger numbness or aches after holding it continuously for an extended time
Handmade Forged Kitchen Knife: With beautifully packaged,it is very suitable as a gift to parents and friends on kinds of festivals, such as Mother's Day, Father's Day,Thanksgiving Day,Black Friday,Christmas day,New Year,Easter Day,Halloween,Birthday, etc
Excellent Gift:if you are tried looking for gift ideas, you might like to try this nice cleaver knife.This knife will be a wonderful gift for your family, (wife, husband, mother or grandma), and friends who are keen on cooking.it is a wise choice as a gift for Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Year."

MULTI-FUNCTIONAL KNIFE SET-This Professional 11-Pieces Stainless Kitchen Knife Set with Block includes an 8"" Chef Knife, 7"" Cleaver Knife, 8"" Bread Knife, Kitchen Scissors, Knife Sharpener, Knife Block, Cutting Board, and 4 pieces of 4.5"" Steak Knives. It is suitable for slicing, cutting meat, mincing food, etc. Easily meet all daily needs for your kitchen and family.
PREMIUM QUALITY- Each knife in this chef's knife set is made of High-Carbon Stainless Steel to maximize the durability and sharpness of the blade. It ensures the ideal performance of the knife, maximizes the cutting efficiency, saves time and effort. The knife block and cutting board are made from Acacia hardwood and will not easily break or split.
ERGONOMIC DESIGN- The Ergonomic Pakkawood handle design can increase the comfort of the grip. No matter how you hold the knife, it can perfectly fit your hand, ensure cutting efficiency and high comfort after a long time using. This knife set with block is the Best Choice for both professional and amateur chefs.
EASY STORAGE - All Knives and the cutting board can store safely in the block. Your kitchen knife set can become more well-organized with this knife block. It helps your kitchen looks more neat and decorative, increases your cooking satisfaction.
BEST GIFT CHOICE- To maintain the sharpness and glossiness of the kitchen knives, please DO NOT put the knives in the dishwasher, hand washes recommended. The chef knife set is a Perfect Gift for Mother’s and Father’s Day, Housewarming, Thanksgiving, and Christmas, etc."

Sg2 micro-carbide powder steel
Authentic thin Japanese blade profile
Hand-honed using the three-step Honbazuke process for a 9.5 to 12 degree edge"

·HALF SERRATED STEAK KNIVES SET DRUM SHARPENED to PERFECTION - Each steak knife is sharpened on a high speed wet stone lathe for uniform serration. The half serrated steak knife blades were crafted to perfection with an 15 degree blade slope. Each serration point on this steak knife set is carefully spaced to maximize edge longevity against hard surfaces like dinner plates yet provide a buttery smooth cut. Our steak knives won’t need to be sharpened and will last for years to come.
SUPERIOR HIGH CARBON STEEL STEAK KNIVES – For these steak knives, we wanted a steel carefully selected for extreme blade sharpness and durability. Each steak knife set is made of high carbon Steel X50CrMoV15 German steel. For a perfect blend of edge retention and longevity these steak knives clock in at 56 rockwell hardness.
·365 GUARANTEE- 100% STEAK KNIFE SATISFACTION OR YOUR MONEY BACK! – Our superb luxurious high carbon steel serrated steak knives have a risk-free 1 YEAR satisfaction guarantee. If the incredible design and unique steak-cutting performance doesn’t blow you away, simply contact us and we’ll offer you a prompt and full refund for your steak knives! Don’t hesitate! Indulge yourself!
·SUPERIOR AMERICAN STEAK KNIFE DESIGN– Steak knives that are made to impress. We spent countless hours and went through thousands of designs to make sure we had the best steak knife set possible. Feel proud of these steak knives when you host friends with a set of 4 stunning serrated steak knives. The curve style handle made of ABS and steel to give your steak knives a style of there own.
·DON’T KNOW WHAT TO GIVE AS A GIFT? – The best steak knives are ones given as gifts. This steak knife set is perfect for as a thanksgiving gift, housewarming gift, father’s day gift, anniversary gift, or retirement gift. If you’re looking for a stylish and practical way to give back to your friends and family, then the KONOLL serrated steak knives set of 4 8 or 12 is your prime choice! The steak knifes set comes in a luxurious gift box, so you will look great!"

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, X50CrMoV15 German Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. HRC 58 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
Set includes: 8"" chef's, 7"" Santoku, 8"" bread, 5"" serrated utility, 3.5"" paring and block
Designed to help you accomplish a variety of cutting tasks with ease and confidence, this set includes the most common kitchen knives, as well as some specialty knives for more advanced prep work.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

Sturdy stainless steel: The blade of our meat cleaver knife is constructed of strong 7Cr17Mov German stainless steel and measures 8” long by 3.75” tall. This steel construction is superior to other stainless steel knives, it can be easily and quickly sharpened, resists rust, wear and corrosion. Cleaning this meat chefs knife chopper is simple with a quick wipe down of hot water and mild dish soap!
Multi-purpose knife: Slice and dice your way through any culinary challenge! Our top quality butcher knife for meat cutting is strong enough to chop straight through even the toughest meats, durable enough to take a mallet whack if needed on those stubborn bones, and makes quick work of any veggies and fruits you throw its way ; Perfect for home or restaurant.
Let your tools do the work: Odds are you’re not in the kitchen for your workout, so your tools have to be up to the task! Our heavy-duty meat cutting and slicing knife is perfectly balanced and ready to take on any job you have at hand! This means less time prepping and cooking, and more time to enjoy your delicious creations with loved ones or relax by yourself with some good food.
Safety first: While taste is certainly a high priority in the kitchen, safety is our number one concern! Our ergonomic pakkawood handle is designed to conform to your hand, allowing for greater stability and control, so you can chop in peace! This durable solid wood handle measures 4.5” long with a 1” diameter, making it great for hands large and small, left or right!
Beautiful gift : A good knife can make or break the cooking experience, making a great one the perfect gift! A thoughtful solution to housewarming, wedding, anniversary, even birthday offering dilemmas, we’ve included an elegant gift box for easy and safe wrapping and a stylish presentation."

The Ultimate Vegetable Knife: A Dalstrong culinary revolution combining outstanding and award-winning craftsmanship, cutting-edge breakthrough technology, awe-inspiring design, and the absolute best materials available. Peak performance never looked so good to you or your wallet.
Unrivaled Performance: Ruthlessly sharp scalpel like edge is hand finished to a mirror polish at 8-12° per side using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method. Nitrogen cooled for enhanced harness, flexibility and corrosion resistance. Full tang for superb robustness and triple riveted for even more resilience. The Shogun Series X's exquisite hammered tsuchime finish reduces drag and minimizes stuck on food.
Dalstrong Power: This vegetable knife features an ultra sharp AUS-10V- Vacuum Treated Japanese super steel cutting core at 62+ Rockwell hardness: extraordinary performance and edge retention. 66 layers of premium high-carbon stainless steel layers ensure exceptional strength, durability and stain resistance. Perfectly balanced. Dalstrong's stunning 'tsunami-rose' genuine Damascus layers.
Engineered to Perfection: Ultra-premium G-10 handle is military grade with life-long durability. Hand polished, the ergonomic handle shape is engineered for superior control, agility and comfort while the blade's spine is made smooth for a natural 'pinch grip'. The 55mm blade width allows for improved knuckle clearance. Easily scoop up food onto blade.
Dalstrong Trust: Rocksolid 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Renowned Dalstrong customer service. See why chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Dalstrong Difference'. Dalstrong luxury packaging. Now you are slicing with POWER. Dalstrong POWER!"

RAZOR SHARP CHEF'S KNIFE; This asian hybrid 8 inch blade is comprised of 67 layers of VG-10 Japanese stainless steel giving it a incredibly sharp 12-15 degree angle; rating 60-62 on the hardness scale; You'll slice through any meat, vegetable or fruit with ease and delicately cut paper thin straight lines like a ro
BALANCED TO PERFECTION; You know that a great chefs knife improves your cooking experience; Whether you're planning to add another premium chef knife to your collection or it's your first time investing in a quality kitchen knife; you know that a cook’s best friend is a durable incredibly sharp well-balanced and easy to care for Japanese Chef Knife.
UNLEASH THE CHEF WITHIN; We’ve designed our professional knives for chefs; yet they are functional and durable enough to be used by the aspiring home chef or weekend grill warrior; Our steel kitchen knife is perfect for slicing, chopping and dicing with precision; Regardless of your technique you’ll find the Nunchi stainless steel chef knife perfectly balanced; Give yourself the tools you need to impress your dinner guests and master your craft.
HAND-CRAFTED, SUPER SEXY; Yes, we just called our knife sexy; You’ll first notice the stunning design of the custom box; like you are unboxing the iPhone’s of knives; As you remove the damascus steel chef knife you'll notice attention to detail at every step; Featuring an ergonomic pakkawood handle for a comfortable non-slip grip; Our knife makes the perfect present on any occasion. Or, just be awesome and surprise that special someone on a random Tuesday.
YOUR HAPPINESS IS OUR COMMITMENT; We’ve crafted a premium gyuto knife for the home that is as beautiful as it is functional; With proper care, Nunchi knives are rust stain and corrosion resistant and are uncompromisingly sharp straight out of the box; We want you to develop an almost unhealthy love affair with your Nunchi knife"

Forged and hammered with 16 layers of steel in the Damascus tradition with a VG-10 Core, the VG-10 Hammered Damascus Series has been a perennial best seller, combining performance, beauty, and extraordinary value.
Sometimes called a utility knife, the Petty is a smaller version of a chefs knife but is bigger than a Paring knife. The Petty fits in small places that require more dexterity than bigger chefs knives while handling bigger jobs than a Paring knife can take care of. The Petty will soon become the go-to knife in your kitchen.
Proudly made in Japan. This knife is complimented with a premium Western Style Handle that extends to the full tang of the knife and ergonomically welds to the hand for seamless use. The hammered texture of the blade eliminates friction and keeps food from sticking to the blade. Every knife from Yoshihiro is handcrafted by master artisans creating a unique one-of-a-kind work of art.
The difference will be felt right away when a hand-forged Japanese Petty knife of incomparable sharpness is used for smaller precision tasks such as peeling, trimming, and slicing small fruits and vegetables to handling bigger tasks as a small chefs knife. A razor sharp Petty knife can intricately carve and style vegetables and fruits for beautiful presentations and garnishes, performing just as well for bigger jobs such as preparing meals.
Traditional Japanese knife making values a sharp edge, which requires attention and care. Sharpening and honing should be done with only water whetstones. Hand wash and dry only, and do so immediately if working with acidic ingredients. Do not use on objects such as bones, nutshells, and frozen foods."

Hand crafted knives Forged from 67 Layers of special formula Cangshan X-7 Damascus Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. 2017 Red Dot Design Award Winner, IDEA Award Finalist, 2018 German Design Award Winner. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. Hand sharpened to a 16-degree angle per side.
Well balanced 5.5"" handle and 10"" blade with HRC 60 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale. Includes a fitted dark Walnut wood magnetic Saya style sheath to protect the knife blade. Handcrafted by skilled bladesmiths, each precisely balanced knife pairs exceptional performance with timeless design.
Strong magnets are embedded into the edge of the Saya sheath to hold onto the spine of the knife. A innovative and stylish way to protect your blades and fingers.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

Handmade Damascus Steel Chef Knife
beutifull Merindi Wood Handle with Demascus Steel bolster
Beautiful Knife
Sharp Edge Blade
Handle Length = 05.00 Inches, Blade Length = 7.00 inches"

Easy to clean and Lightweight: The meat cleaver weighs 9.17oz. Different from the ordinary cleaver, this is mainly design for the general-purpose knife, light but easy to cut, dicing, slicing, mincing of meat and vegetables. It can be used to cut small bones such as chicken bones, small poultry bones. but it is not suitable for large-scaled bones from cattle, sheep or pork.
Ultra- Sharp edge provides a meticulous cutting: Hand forged blades are made in a multi-step process by skilled manual labor, which makes your fantastic cut, allows for easy resharpen and maintenance It holds its sharpness for a long time and it is easy to sharpen.
Ergonomic Plastic Meat Knife handle is the unique non-slip grip design for manipulating ease and comfort grip. Plastic handles are more easily cared for and do not absorb microorganisms. However, it may become brittle over time. Also, it has a hole on the end to allow them to be easily hung on a rack. All in all, it's worth the money.
Chinese chef's knife: literally mean ""vegetable knife"", ""Chinese cleaver"" or ""chopper""? is the rectangular-bladed, all-purpose knife traditionally used in China, Vietnam, Cambodia, and many other Asian countries to prepare a variety of meats, fish, and vegetables.
Warranty: Be made from 100% stainless steel, the knife provide the money-back guarantee. The blade should be wiped clean with just a little soap and warm water. Don't suggest to use the dishwasher. Welcome to discuss all things about kitchen knife : )"

Versatile Chefs KnifeThis 8 inch chef knife is your best helper for cutting tasks. The proper length allows it to handle most of the tasks in kitchen, no matter cutting, slicing, mincing and dicing fruits, vegetables, and a variety of meats including fish, chicken and beef.
Premium SteelThe kitchen knife is made of high-quality German HC steel, which has excellent performance in rust, corrosion and discoloration resistance. These features ensure the strength and durability of the chef's knife, so that you can enjoy cooking every day.
Sharp EdgeManually sharpen the edge of the blade to 8-12 degrees. This chef knife can provide you a relaxed cutting effect due to its razor sharp edge. And it can also keep sharp in a long time because of the high-quality steel.
Easy HandingEach of cooking knife features an ergonomic handle, which is made of Pakkawood, a material that comes from Africa and is known for its comfort, strength and stability. It fits your palm perfectly and provides you with a comfortable grip.
Trusted ServiceTUO provide high-quality customer service, including lifetime warranty. Each chef knife will be equipped with an exquisite box, which not only can be used for yourself, but also as a unique gift for your family or friends."

The Dalstrong Frost Fire Series is an elegant collection of premium light-weight, razor-sharp knives with an icy cold look and fiery performance. Built for the modern chef who appreciates meticulously crafted, professional knives that look good and feel good, without any sacrifices to functionality.
The Frost Fire Series Chef Knife is the ideal kitchen workhorse for those chefs who prefer blades with a lightweight build that doesn’t sacrifice an ounce in performance. Glide through every task with optimal agility and strength — hand-sharpened to 16-18° per side, you’ll enjoy a perfect balance between blade sharpness and maximum resilience to keep you cutting for longer. Whether chopping large cuts of meat or delicate vegetables, you’ll reach for this stylish, agile knife over and over again.
Expertly engineered from 7-layer, high-carbon, high-chromium 10CR15MOV stainless steel with added cobalt, these chef's knives undergo an expert heat treatment to further increase blade hardness for scalpel-like sharpness. Each kitchen knife is perfected with a precision-based sandblast for a frosted blade finish that enhances non-stick properties and offers superior refinement. National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) certified.
Beautifully finished with a slender, ergonomic handle for a tension-free grip, this cooking knife offers ultimate comfort and cutting agility. For added distinction, the pristine white resin handle is enclosed in aluminum mesh that provides improved durability and a stylish honeycomb finish. Included with each knife is a PU leather sheath with snap closure, designed to protect your knife and keep it safe and secure while on the go.
Dalstrong Trust: The most essential knife and perfect gift for home cooks, professional chefs, and more. Rocksolid 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Renowned Dalstrong customer service. See why chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Dalstrong Difference'. Dalstrong luxury packaging. Now you are slicing with POWER. Dalstrong POWER!"

Barbecuers unite, this one’s for you. The Shogun Series 8” Pitmaster knife is thoughtfully designed with a personal nod to our loyal BBQ community. A one-of-a-kind design, this blade features a unique forked front end, ideal for flipping meat directly on the grill, and for transferring foods cooked to perfection from plate to hot grill or hot grill to plate.
Engineered to Perfection: The curved blade is engineered to create leverage and complete cuts in a single motion, without sawing. The knife is expertly crafted to slice through flesh, break through cartilage and trim fat from beef, pork, poultry, fish and other meats.
Unrivalled Performance: The Shogun Series blade is precision forged from a single piece of imported Japanese AUS-10V super steel with 67 layers of folded steel and features an enhanced vacuum treatment with nitrogen cooling for the ultimate in performance. The blade is hand sharpened to between 8-10 degrees per side, ensuring an ultra sharp edge with excellent wear resistance.
Dalstrong Power: Improving this blade further are the rock-hollow divots, which minimize adhesion, prevent stuck on food and reduce friction for a more seamless cutting experience. Featuring a beautiful, ergonomic and ambidextrous G10 Garolite handle with mosaic and engraving. The triple riveted design with full tang ensure superior strength and durability.
Dalstrong Trust: Rocksolid 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Renowned Dalstrong customer service. See why chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Dalstrong Difference'. Dalstrong luxury packaging. Now you are slicing with POWER. Dalstrong POWER!"

Best materialsCrafted from the finest materials in the world, this masterpiece of the professional kitchen chef’s knife is forged with an authentic Japanese VG-10 “Super-Steel” (0.95-1.10% of carbon, 15% of chromium, 0.2-0.3% of vanadium)cutting core, which ensure flexibility and maximum edge retention without dulling or chipping. 67 layers of Damascus steel were overlayed different steel layers, which has the property of being hardly bends and hard to break.
The sharpest edgeThe edge of this damascus knfe is hand polished within an astounding 8-12 degree angle per side using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method, which makes blade is extremely sharp. The tapered curvilinear blade of chef knife is ideal for mincing, slicing, and chopping vegetables, slicing meat, and disjointing large cuts.
Durable&Non-Slip BladeThis Kitory knife blade is hand forged by experienced craftsman, after Heat treatment(hardening and tempering), makes its hardness reach to 61 HRC ,very durable. Also the blade is make from 67 layers Damascus steel,Various patterns are born by the way of overlapping of multiple steels. Damascus blade is always beautiful as an art.
Ergonomic&Well Balance HandleThe well weighted chef’s knife with green bamboo shape handle requires minimal effort whether you’re chopping, slicing, dicing or mincing. Grip the ergonomically designed handles comfortably with large or small hands and minimize wrist tension.If you are looking for a good knife, vg-10 Damascus steel knife is the best choice!
Elegant GiftThis Kitory Japanese knife is our favorite and confident, favored by the majority of customers, rave reviews. We are confident that beginners, culinary students, home cooks, and even accomplished fine dining chefs will be completely satisfied with the extraordinary craftsmanship of our knives. Kitory provides 100% Lifetime Guarantee means that you can buy this knife risk free. With the good quality and unique green bamboo shape ,it will be a elegant kitchen gift."

PROFESSIONAL BUTCHER KNIFE: This chef knife is use high quality German high carbon stainless steel precision stamped and forged, which have great performance of toughness, ductility, anti-corrosion.
SUPER SHARP CHEF BREAKING KNIFE: Professional, satin finished blade boasts Precision cutting and is finely honed for long lasting sharpness.If you often cut bones and the blade is worn out, you can use it with the sharpener we provide to always keep the knife in the best condition.
UNIQUE DESIGN KITCHEN COOKING KNIFE: Fully forged construction offers durability and a seamless transition from blade to handle.Gives a refined visual experience.
ERGONOMICALLY SHAPED HANDLE: This chef's knife is made by ergonomic ABS handle Triple-riveted.The handle is very comfortable to use, and will not be tired after long time use.
CHEF'S KNIFE WITH EXQUISITE GIFT BOX AND KNIFE SHARPENERS: This professional 8'' chef’s knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks of chopping. Suitable as a gift for family and friends."

MADE WITH TOP GRADE JAPANESE 67-layer Damascus Steel, VG-10 cutting core, HRC 60-62 hardness for exceptional sharpness, edge retention, and durability while being easy to sharpen
Blade size (length x width x thickness): 8 inches x 4 inches x 1.8 millimeters; net weight 0.75 pound
Full tang design with sealed-tight, waterproof, and durable brown color Pakkawood handle for a non-slip and comfortable grip
Long-lasting, sharp edge for cutting meat, fruit, and vegetables (DO NOT chop bones)
Crafted in ISO 9001 certified Taiwan factory with steel imported from Japan; limited lifetime warranty against defects"

FORGED 8CR17MOV STEEL - SHARP, DURABLE, ANTI-RUST: Cooking food is inseparable from a sharp and practical kitchen knife. This is a classic and practical medium-sized butcher knife. It is made of high-performance 8CR17Mov steel and hand-forged technology. It not only has the advantages of forged choper knives: high hardness, sharpness and durability. 8CR17Mov steel has excellent anti-rust performance and overcomes the shortcomings of common forged chef knife that are easy to rust.
CLASSIC BUTCHER KNIFE STYLE - SHARP AND PRACTICAL: This kitchen knife has been carefully optimized with a moderate size, enough weight and good hand feel. It is very suitable for chefs to Slaughter operations, chop bonesdice, cut meat, fish, fruit, vegetables, bread, etc. You Can cutting or chopping, one knife is multi-purpose, convenient and practical.
RUGGED ERGONOMIC DESIGN: The forged butcher knives has an ergonomic handle, which can be gripped without slipping even in wet conditions. The handle is hand-polished with natural rosewood, the wood texture is high-grade and beautiful, and hand feels comfortable. The choper knife blade and handle are integrated, without welding, and are fixed by three stainless steel rivets, which is very firm. The integrated combination of blade and handle eliminates the need to worry about the handle breaking.
THE LOG HANDLE IS NON-SLIP AND STABLE, THE GRIP IS COMFORTABLE: More importantly, it can always keep the angle of the chef's knives handle in the hand not easy to change to ensure safe and efficient cutting operations.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEE: We believe that our forged butcher knife the sharpness and long-lasting durability of the tool will leave a deep impression on you. Therefore, we are confident to provide long-term quality assurance services. If you have any questions or concerns about our meat cleaver, please contact us and we will always be here for you."

Powerhouse Knife. Masterfully elegant, perfectly balanced, razor sharp and with exceptional performance, the Phantom Series knife is a statement in refinement, beauty, purity and power.
Peak Performance: Mercilessly sharp, the Phantom Series edge is painstakingly honed by experts craftsman to 13-15° and nitrogen cooled for enhanced hardness, flexibility and corrosion resistance. Carefully tapered for minimal drag, the agile blade ensures swift, precise cuts with effortless ease. Hollow ground for even less resistance.
The Dalstrong Touch: Full tang and precision forged from a single piece of ice tempered, high-carbon, Japanese AUS-8 steel at 58+ Rockwell hardness, the Phantom Series boasts exceptional sharpness, edge retention, strength and durability. Beautifully engraved, the blade further features a hand polished spine and ergonomic bolster shape for a natural and smooth ‘pinch grip’.
Design Perfection: A velvety rich black Spanish pakkawood handle is hand polished and laminated to ensure a heaven like grip with exceptional durability. The traditional Japanese D-shaped handle is expertly engineered to tuck perfectly into the palm of your hand for ultimate control, cut after cut, while the narrow blade design allows for maneuverability and nimble movement like never before. A distinct mosaic pin of brass and copper adds refinement and subtle luxury.
Dalstrong Trust: Rocksolid 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Renowned Dalstrong customer service and packaging. See why chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Dalstrong Difference'. Now you are slicing with POWER. Dalstrong POWER!"

Premium quality materials distilled into high-performing, no-frills bladed tools sure to get the job done right. Superior blade construction. Expertly handcrafted with ultra-sharp 7cr17mov high-carbon stainless steel. Increased carbon and chromium count for unparalleled edge retention at 57-59 HRC versus other similar Swiss competitors. Thoughtfully engineered for the chef, butcher and any other culinary professionals.
Go the distance. Knives that can take a beating and keep on performing. Boasting full tang for extra strength and durability, these knives give you the highest performance possible per dollar spent. Expertly hand-sharpened to a screamingly sharp edge at 14-15 degrees per side giving you a steeper blade edge that lasts longer over it’s competitors. Each stain and corrosion resistant blade is brought to a beautiful polish by hand before undergoing rigorous quality control tests.
Chef-Certified. The precisely engineered ABS/TPE polymer blend black ‘Crius' handle ensures a heat, cold and moisture resistant grip, and a satisfyingly secure hold - even in wet or greasy environments. Chef approved ergonomic handle design is engineered for superior hand control, agility and comfort. Perfectly balanced to minimize hand and write fatigue to endure any culinary challenge. Remain confident in your control in even the busiest of kitchens.
Built to maintain the highest of standards. The easy-clean ‘Crius’ handle is molded perfectly to the blade to prevent food or unwanted particles from entering any crevice, promising the ultimate sanitary food prep that is essential for professional kitchens. National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) certified.
Titan Forge Pro Series Promise: 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Ultimate customer service experience for the ultimate professional."

Our handcrafted Yoshihiro Gold Steel knives have an inner core made of VG-10 stainless steel sandwiched in the traditional method of Warikomi between two layers of stainless steel. With a hardness on the Rockwell scale of 60, the inner core of VG-10 is prized for its high edge retention with a stainless steel exterior that is non-corrosive and requires low maintenance.
The most versatile and essential of all knives a cook can have is a Japanese chefs knife known as a Gyuto knife. The Gyuto is a Japanese chefs knife with a curved blade that smoothly rocks back and forth and has an extended tip for quick chopping that can be used to cut meat, fish, and vegetables.
Proudly made in Japan and not mass produced. This knife is complimented with a premium western style handle that extends to the full tang of the knife and ergonomically welds to the hand for seamless use. Every knife from Yoshihiro is handcrafted by master artisans creating a unique one-of-a-kind work of art. Excellent for both home chefs and professional chefs.
Preparing delicious meals starts with taking wholesome ingredients and using the best tools such as a high quality chef's knife to make every meal into something special. From dicing, slicing, and chopping fresh produce from a farmer's market to carving a roast chicken straight from the oven, even the simplest tasks are elevated with a handcrafted knife that is as beautiful as it is functional.
Traditional Japanese knife making values a sharp edge, which requires attention and care. Sharpening and honing should be done with only water whetstones. Hand wash and dry only, and do so immediately if working with acidic ingredients. Do not use on objects such as bones, nutshells, and frozen foods."

6 Piece Pakka wood Steak Knife Set: These Beautifully Designed Precision-crafted Steak Knives feature razor-sharp, stainless steel blades & pakka wood handles. Each handle also features the traditional Bee emblem and is elegantly finished with brushed, antique, copper bolsters. Each unique handle illustrates differences in grain and coloring for unique characteristics on each piece.
Specifications & Overall length Measurements: 9” inch steak knives,blade thickness: 2.5mm, Sub-zero treated, stainless steel - Full Tang – Non-Serrated Hammered Blades for a smooth clean & effortless cut. Steel hardness, approximately 56-57HRC. Ergonomically perfect, Secure and Comfortable Grip, Weighted for Stability Control and Balance.
Magnetic, Acacia Wood Storage Box. The knives are luxuriously packed in our exclusive, 100% Solid Acacia Wood Storage Box, detachable, multi purpose magnetic lid.
100% Satisfaction guaranteed or your money back, try it risk free. La Côte Steak Knives have been built with Perfection in Mind. Combining Beauty and High Quality with Extreme Performance.
Handmade"

The narrow, straight blade of the Shun Classic utility knife features 34 layers of Damascus steel cladding on each side, which surround the high-carbon VG-MAX core to combine both form and function.
The beautifully modern, D-shaped, blonde PakkaWood handle encases the full composite tang blade, reducing unwanted rotation and improving grip for right and left-handed chefs alike.
Light slicing and medium rocking actions, such as trimming green beans or cutting sandwiches, call for this knife. It works particularly well on thin-skinned and easily crushed vegetables, such as tomatoes.
Handcrafted in Japan, this kitchen knife is ground and honed to a razor sharp 16-degree edge out of the box. It’s balanced immediately forward of the bolster for increased precision and injury prevention when used in hand.
Santoku, nakiri, boning, slicing, or steak – Shun blades positively glide through food when used in a back-and-forth or rocking motion that applies some force parallel to what's being cut, letting the edge do the work."

Professional boning knife: hand-forged boning knife with ergonomic curved solid wood handle for a comfortable grip. The thickened and weighted 4mm blade and wave back design make your cutting more effortless and enjoyable, and the hand-polished 16 degree edge on both sides and V-shaped narrow open edge make the blade ultra-sharp. Seamless Full-Tang design, unlike welded handles, will not break with long-term use
Excellent material: The professional butcher knife made of premium 5Cr15Mov high carbon steel. 5cr15mov mostly used for high-end cutting tools. Hardness, toughness and sharpness is up to the highest international standards.Harder than 3cr15mov, not easy to rust than 7cr15mov.
Multi-purpose cooking knifeThis boning knife almost meet chefs' all requirements for knives. You can use it to cut bones, lamb chops, ribs, pork loin, chicken, duck, fish, vegetables, fruits, etc. It’s the perfect butcher knife for kitchen,camping,outdoor,BBQ.
leather Sheath: With portable soft leather Sheath, you can wear belt for easy carrying when camping outdoors. We are professional butcher knife manufacturer, and we are very confident in the quality of the knife. This cleaver knife is a wise choice for culinary students, home chefs, professional chefs, etc.
Maintenance tipsPlease clean your boning knife in time and keep it in a dry place. Acid and alkali substances can’t be left on the knife for a long time .If you don't use it for a long time, wipe the blade with a small amount of food oil, and then put it in a dry place."

YOSHIHIRO- Molybdenum steel Wa Gyuto Chef Knife 8.25"" 210mm
Made in Japan"

Well-known Chinese Knife Brand Kitory Longquan series is produced in Longquan, China, which is a famous city with thousands of years of history. Longquan Knife has become a well-known knife brand in China due to its unique blade pattern, carved copper bolster and wooden handle. Kitory longquan series knives have super quality, unique design, each one is worth owning and saving.
Premium Handmade Quality  This handmade high carbon Chinese meat cleaver have unique hammered texture that forged in fire on the blade makes it beautiful and elegant, while it also helps to prevent foods from sticking. Compared with the mechanical ones,our Kitory Longquan Knife can last longer. This knife is very easy to clean and maintain, so you just need to keep it clean and dry to resist rust after each use.
Multi-Fuction Meat Cleaver It is forged from excellent carbon steel 5Cr15mov, which have ultra sharpness, to ensure the extraordinary cuting perfermance and durability. This cleaver knife is not only can be used to slice meat easily, but also can chop vegetables, ribs, etc. Longquan Kitchen Knife made of high quality steel, comparable to the high price Damascus one, provides a sense of use beyond imagination.
Wengewood Ergonomic Anti-slip Handle The wooden handle of this Kitory Longquan Knife is made of Wengewood for excellent durability and comfort. The bolster, made of high quality copper, was carved with a unique Flower motif. Metal bolster perfectly links the handle to the blade and enhances the rigidity and strength of the knife.
Enjoy Your Life and KnifeThe high quality Chinese Longquan Kitchen Knife is as good a gift as the high price Damascus knife. As the perfect Easter gift, use Kitory Knife to make a delicious dinner at a party, wish you spend a great day with your family and friends."

Luxurious Steak Knives Set of 4: This 4-piece serrated steak knives set can cut easily without hacking or shredding the meat. These shades of grey knives help you easily slice through any food item, making them a perfect addition to your cutlery set. This meat knife set is dishwasher safe and ideal for everyday use. Made in China to European Standards.
Acrylic Handles & Stainless Steel Steak Knives: Our grey knife set of 4 is made of high-quality stainless steel and luxurious acrylic handles that are decorated with the iconic Napoleon Bee. This dinner knives set features a three-rivet curved knife handle with a bee emblem that is comfortable to hold and perfectly balanced.
Great for Slicing, Dicing & Mincing: This silverware knife set is ideal for meats, fish, bread, or even cheeses! Cut steak and meat easily with this sharp and functional serrated steak knife set, perfect for slicing, dicing, or mincing.
Smooth Cutting, Even on Tough Meat: This steak knife set of 4 has a serrated edge design to easily cut through tough meat with no-tear or sloppy cutting. This serrated culinary knife set with shades of grey handles adds a touch of elegance to any special meal or dinner party!
Special Gift for Hostess: This serrated knife set is an excellent gift idea for the hostess in your life so they can slice and dice like a pro at their next gathering or family dinner. Our steak knives dishwasher safe set also makes a great gift to newlyweds or as a housewarming gift to a new neighbor."

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, Swedish Sandvik 14C28N Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. Holds an edge up to 5 times longer than German Steel.
Well balanced 4.75"" handle and 5"" blade with HRC 59 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale. Set of 4 Steak knives.
Boasting Cangshan's serrated edge with precisely tapered blade from base to tip. These steak knives make for an impressive presentation of grilled meats, slicing effortlessly through everything from tender filet mignon to the thickest chops.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

Handmade in Seki, Japan!!! Quality blades of Forged Steel!!!!
Produced by Mr. Yoshinori knife Seto YOSHI knife representative is a member of the (USA) THE KNIVES MAKER'S GUILD
union custom knife is a testament to the world's largest manufacturer
of kitchen knives and reliable technology Jihei Iseya (Producer Yoshinori Mr. Seto).Goodness of sharpness,
but it is a matter of course, the beauty of the finish is excellent."

HIGHEST QUALITY/PERFECT GIFT: The wakoli damask knife series belongs to the sharpest knives in the world. Enjoy the perfect cut! Perfect as a present for yourself or friends who love cooking and conjure up a special dish with heart and soul from various ingredients such as vegetables, fruit, fish or meat with ease.
FEATURES: Dimensions/knife length : 12/7-inch, Material: Japanese Damascus steel VG-10, Optics Blade: damascus pattern, Blade hardness: 60±2HRC, 67 STEEL LAYERS
HOW TO USE: This knife should never be washed in the dishwasher. Only use the knife on special cutting boards, e.g. made of wood or soft plastic, not suitable for levering or breaking movements. Do not cut hard material, e.g. bones or frozen food. Please note that a damask knife blade is harder than conventional knife steel but can still break with strong leverage.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE: Perfectly balanced and with ergonomically shaped handle is designed for comfort and control. Made of Pakka wood for fatigue-free handling. A completion for professional chef and hobby cook.
WITH GIFT PACKAGING for safe storage of the damascus knife, secure fitting and elegant look from the Wakoli Edib series."

Material: blade / Damascus steel, pattern / laminated wood strengthening, cap / stainless steel
Country of origin: Japan
Blade length: 120mm"

Totale length 12 inches approx - blade length 7 inches approx and handle length 5 inches approx handle made of micarta sheet with amazing hand work on the cleaver top quality balanced cleaver knife
Our all items are 100% handmade and authentic damascus steel 100% , transportation is almost through DHL or UPS - If you have any questions about our item, please contact us.
Better quality of the sharp edge of the blade guaranteed , perfect grip , quality finishes , hard edge and cutting, the cutting edge to keep after the rough and tough use , great work of art for a perfect poison knife as well as fully functional.
Quality material used 1095 / 15N20 alloy steels (352 true layers). hardness of the blade of this knife is HRC 58-60.
Hands of durable high quality leather sheath included cowhide."

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece stamped, which produces a strong blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 56-57.
The over-sized, hygienic, molded, seamless polypropylene handles provide comfort for the extreme demands of a commercial kitchen.
Handcrafted in Santa Catarina, Portugal.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

Multifunctional KnifeTUO chef knife 10 inch is a good helper for your kitchen tasks. Whether it is cutting, slicing, shredding or dicing fruits, vegetables, or meat, ultra-sharp blades can solve most of your needs. Use the tip of the knife as the fulcrum to cut up and down easily.
Durable Stainless SteelThe kitchen knife is made of German HC steel, with a hardness of up to 56+ Rockwell, which has excellent performance in rust and corrosion resistance. These features ensure the strength and durability of the chef's knife, allowing you to enjoy the ease of cutting every day.
Razor Sharp EdgeManually sharpen the edge of the blade to 8-12 degrees. This kitchen cooking knife can provide you a relaxed cutting effect due to its razor sharp edge. And it can also keep sharp in a long time because of the high-quality steel.
Pakkawood HandleEach of cooking knife features an ergonomic handle, which is made of Pakkawood, a material that comes from Africa and is known for its comfort, strength and stability. It fits your palm perfectly and provides you with a comfortable grip.
Trusted ServiceTUO provide high-quality customer service, including lifetime warranty. Each tuo falcon chef knife will be equipped with an exquisite box, which not only can be used for yourself, but also as a unique gift for your family or friends."

100% Satisfaction or Money Back Guarantee- Customer satisfaction is our first priority. Therefore, we offer a 100% satisfaction or money back policy, try it risk-free. If for any reason you are dissatisfied with your purchase, please feel free to send us a message to grant a refund
Forged Premium Material- Expertly crafted from high-quality 7cr17mov manganese steel which has good corrosion resistance, exceptional strength, durability, and stain resistance. Compared with chef knife made of ordinary steel, our professional meat cleaver has an unprecedented performance in edge-retention and longer service life. The sturdy blade passed multiple hand-grinding processes for an incredibly sharp vanguard, making it twice as hard as other bunka knife in its class
Ergonomic Full Tang Handle- The full tang handle design makes it easy to grip and hassle-free maneuvering and may prevent the cleaver from breaking down or dropping. Premium wenge wood handle enhances the handholds touch, so you'll not feel tired for employing a while. The three rivets embedded in the handle to reinforce the handle make the chopping knife more stylish and durable
All-purpose cutlery knife- The moontay kiritsuke knives are truth multifunctional knives classified and designed to be multipurpose knives for professional applications suitable for mincing, slicing & dicing any fruit, fish, meat sushi & vegetables, it's one among the foremost versatile and essential of all knives a cook can have
Razor Sharp Blade- Our slicing knife was hand-polished by experienced masters to achieve 15 degrees per side for razor sharpness. It meets all the chef's requirements for the knife. The razor-sharp forged edge is easy for cutting and holds its sharpness for an extended lifetime. Unique hammered texture on the blade make it beautiful and helps to prevent foods from sticking"

brand new 11.5 inches long handmade Damascus steeel . professional Serbian cleaver chopper knife useful for chopping and cutting ..
7 inches long Forged Damascus Steel (1095 / 4340) blade with 56-58 HRC hardness range
precise pattern , quality forge Solid Built .. full tang durable hard cutting edge
with leather sheath of high qulaity cow skin"

The Omega Series Knives are a precision made instrument. Ideal for briskets, roasts, ham, turkey, sides of salmon, and expertly suited for prepping large fruits and vegetables, slicing bread loaves and layer cakes, the screamingly sharp blade ensures ultra-thin, uniform slices in a single stroke. These Knives are a required addition for every pitmaster, chef, baker, home cook, & more.
The “LiquidMetal” pattern on the blade reduces drag and increases efficiency, allowing you to glide through prep. Featuring ultra-premium American forged BD1N-VX hyper steel, the addition of Nitrogen increases hardness, flexibility, and toughness, while the blade's composition and added vacuum heat-treatment to 63HRC provide astonishing performance, with a screamingly sharp edge. Painstakingly finished to 8-12° per side by expert blade smiths using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method.
The G10 woven fibreglass handle is near impervious to heat, cold and moisture and is presented in a midnight black with subtle dark red colorings. Centered in the full-tang handle is an ornate and over-sized copper and brass mosaic, creating a distinct and striking appearance. The painstakingly detailed craftsmanship continues with the Dalstrong lionhead insignia carefully engraved on both the mirror-polished end-cap and blade itself.
A black PU leather sheath with button clip and distinctive red-stitching is also included to ensure the blades stylish protection and your own safety. Featuring all the precision, premium materials and workmanship you would expect from Dalstrong, only dialled up.
See why thousands of professional chefs and home cooks love and trust the DALSTRONG DIFFERENCE. 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it!"

ALL-IN-ONE COMPLETE SET - Professional Damascus Knives set includes 8”Chef Knife, 8”Slicing Knife, 8”Bread Knife, 7” Santoku Knife, 5.5”Utility Knife, 3.5”Paring Knife, Kitchen Shears, Knife Sharpener to stay sharp and natural wooden Block.
QUALITY DESIGN - Knives are crafted with VG10 steel core 67 layers superior damascus steel blades for precision and accuracy. HRC 60-62 hardness for exceptional sharpness, edge retention. Curved design handle provides comfort and support.
DURABLE & EASY TO CLEAN - The integrated design of the blade and the shank is not easy to break, safe and durable. It ensures long lasting performance and easy to clean. You can save a lot of time on cleaning.
EASY TO CARE & STORAGE - Wooden block part is made of durable natural fraxinus mandschurica, and the knife slots is easier to insert and remove, safe and sanitary. Use more assured!
LIFETIME WARRANTY - Every knife set is backed by superior quality and under strict quality inspection. Our aim is 100% satisfied customers. Return it anytime and get a full refund when you are not happy with our knife set."

33 layers on each size of blade
durable block to store
EASY TO CARE
Professional Kitchenware
Kitchen knife - YYKnifeSet"

The perfect kitchen knife to handle foods with tough peels and skins but soft interiors; ideal for tomatoes, avocados, as well as for tougher foods like hard cheeses, sausages with casing, and more
Between a chef’s and a paring knife in size, the Shun Serrated Utility has a straighter, narrower blade with small serrations that let it glide through a variety of tougher foods with ease
The handle is D-shaped for a comfortable grip and made of ebony PakkaWood, a genuine hardwood infused with resin, producing a water-resistant and durable material that is easy to clean and maintain
The blade’s cutting core is made of VG-MAX steel, a formula exclusive to Shun and a re-engineered version of the VG10 formula for additional strength, sharpness, durability and corrosion resistance
A sharp serrated blade is always handy to have around; give the gift of the Classic 6-inch Serrated Utility Knife to friends, newlyweds, grandparents, cooks, entertainers or aspiring chefs"

PROFESSIONAL CHEF KNIFE: This chef knife is use high quality German high carbon stainless steel precision stamped and forged, which have great performance of toughness, ductility, anti-corrosion.
SUPER SHARP JAPANESE SANTOKU KNIFE: Professional satin finished anti-stick holes blade boasts Precision cutting and is finely honed for long lasting sharpness.
UNIQUE DESIGN COOKING KNIFE: Fully forged construction offers durability and a seamless transition from blade to handle.Gives a refined visual experience.
ERGONOMICALLY SHAPED HANDLE: This chef's knife is made by ergonomic handle.The handle is very comfortable to use, and will not be tired after long time use.
CHEF'S KNIFE WITH EXQUISITE GIFT BOX: This professional chef knife set can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks of chopping. Suitable as a gift for family and friends."

Kamikoto knives are made from high-quality steel from Honshu 本州, Japan
7-inch Santoku knife; High corrosion resistance
Both handle and blade are satin finished to a subtle, yet stunning luster.
Single bevel, blade sharpened specifically for right-handed users
Natural-colored ash wood box for storage and safekeeping"

Forged Synergy 6-Inch Utility/Sandwich for cutting jobs, peeling, slicing, chopping, carving.
Fully forged stainless steel blade with satin finish
Molded POM handle with full rat tail tang for comfortable grip and excellent balance
Full bolster provides weight and ensures safety
Handwash with mild cleanser"

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, Swedish Sandvik 14C28N Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. 2016 Red Dot Award Winner, A Design Award Winner, 2018 German Design Award Winner. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. Holds an edge up to 5 times longer than German Steel. Hand sharpened to a 16-degree angle per side. HRC 59 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
Well balanced 5.5-inch handle and 8-inch blade with HRC 59 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale
This chef’s knife is the ultimate, all-purpose knife you’ll use every day. Use it for chopping, slicing, dicing and mincing just about any ingredient.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

Well-Designed Forge Hammered CleaverMSY BIGSUNNY forging hammered kitchen knives use high-quality 7Cr17Mov stainless steel and suitable for daily use by any chef. The hammered knife releases food easily when slicing or dicing and is great for vegetables, fruits, fish, and meats. Please refrain from cutting frozen products as this may detriment the knife's edge.
Premium Handle Material and Traditional Octagonal DesignTraditional octagonal rosewood handle for a durable yet balanced and comfortable grip. Combined with its unbeatable balance, you can experience the knife's maximum comfort and reduce strain on your arm so you can look like a professional while developing your highest culinary expression.
Extreme Sharpness The ruthlessly sharp edge is handcrafted by seasoned artisans.
Craft Handmade Traditional Forging Processing. MSY BIGSUNNY kitchen knives are designed to show the beauty of eastern chef’s knives and focusing on comfortability, efficiency for the everyday.
100% Satisfaction or Money Back Guarantee for You We promise a superior product that will give you a lifetime of exemplary service, try it risk free, we know you'll love it! With the luxury packing it is also the wise choice as a gift(Christmas, weddings, birthdays, fathers day, mothers day), for culinary students, home cooks, professional chefs and more."

Santoku Chefs knife is a traditional Japanese Multipurpose chefs knife designed for home use. It is perfect for slicing, dicing, chopping, and mincing of fruits, vegetables, bonesless meats, and fish.
3 Layer construction with a VG-10 Japanese stainless steel center core with a HRC 60 for exceptional sharpness, edge retention, and durability with ease of sharpening.
An elegant 16 layer hammered outer steel is a stylish yet functional design eliminating friction and keeping food from sticking to the blade
A premium Mahogany wood handle with a full tang for a well balanced construction for seamless use.
Excellent for entry level chefs. Hand wash only and sharpen on quality whetstones. Comes ready to use out of the box. 100% handcrafted by skilled tradesmen in Japan. Not mass produced."

Everyday Functionality You'll Love: The Misen Santoku knife is similar to a classic chef knife in its utility, while being slightly shorter and lighter. Its more nimble size and feel makes it a favorite among new cooks or those who prefer chopping or slicing cuts.
Premium Steel: The cooking knife is crafted from AICHI AUS-10 steel which offers a superior balance between long lasting sharpness and durability with 2x the carbon content of some other “premium” chef's knives.
Classic Japanese Knife Design: Santoku knives feature a distinctive rounded-down tip and flatter blade edge that make them a great all-purpose chopping knife for a variety of kitchen duties.
Thoughtful Details: A distinctive sloped bolster shape encourages a proper and safer ""pinch grip” for better comfort and control. The sharp knife also features a more acute 15 degree angle for noticeably smoother cutting.
Unmatched Value: We could charge more for our kitchen knives, but that would be wrong. We believe in using the best materials possible and selling directly to you at a fair and honest price."

The Omega Series Knives are a precision made instrument. Ideal for briskets, roasts, ham, turkey, sides of salmon, and expertly suited for prepping large fruits and vegetables, slicing bread loaves and layer cakes, the screamingly sharp blade ensures ultra-thin, uniform slices in a single stroke. These Knives are a required addition for every pitmaster, chef, baker, home cook, & more.
The “LiquidMetal” pattern on the blade reduces drag and increases efficiency, allowing you to glide through prep. Featuring ultra-premium American forged BD1N-VX hyper steel, the addition of Nitrogen increases hardness, flexibility, and toughness, while the blade's composition and added vacuum heat-treatment to 63HRC provide astonishing performance, with a screamingly sharp edge. Painstakingly finished to 8-12° per side by expert blade smiths using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method.
The G10 woven fibreglass handle is near impervious to heat, cold and moisture and is presented in a midnight black with subtle dark red colorings. Centered in the full-tang handle is an ornate and over-sized copper and brass mosaic, creating a distinct and striking appearance. The painstakingly detailed craftsmanship continues with the Dalstrong lionhead insignia carefully engraved on both the mirror-polished end-cap and blade itself.
A black PU leather sheath with button clip and distinctive red-stitching is also included to ensure the blades stylish protection and your own safety. Featuring all the precision, premium materials and workmanship you would expect from Dalstrong, only dialled up.
See why thousands of professional chefs and home cooks love and trust the DALSTRONG DIFFERENCE. 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it!"

RONIN SERIES - Distinguished by the eye-catching subtle beauty of their finely etched blades & end caps, our Ronin Series knives were lovingly designed by our artisans to reflect centuries of traditional Japanese knife design, paired with cutting-edge nitrogen-cooled forging techniques & the highest-grade materials for unparalleled craftsmanship. Perfectly balanced contour-bolstered handles for amazing comfort & safety, with sharp & spectacular blades (up to 2x sharper than competing brands).
MAJESTICALLY SHARP BLADE — Exquisite Seigaiha pattern. Individually handcrafted & hand-sharpened by our virtuoso technicians in the complex 3-stage traditional Honbazuke method to 16° per side for clean, precise, cuts, & amazing edge-retention. Our formulated High-Carbon 7Cr17MoV Stainless Steel adds enhanced corrosion resistance & non-stick properties, and these Precision-Forged, Nitrogen-Cooled, blades have a Rockwell Hardness of 58 for maximum strength, flexibility, & blade edge durability.
TO HAVE & TO HOLD — An amazing first impression. Beautifully adorned with two gorgeous resin bands reminiscent of twin moons or celestial wedding rings, this knife's Mirror-Polished Pakkawood Handle will feel as if it were made just for you, specifically. This impact-resistant handle has Full Tang Strength for a lifetime of safe & precise use, is nearly impervious to heat, cold, & moisture, and its seamless build ensures that debris can't infiltrate its body, keeping it sanitary & hygienic.
CONSTRUCTED TO LAST FOREVER - This knife will be your culinary companion for life & comes with Kessaku’s 100% Lifetime Warranty. Because we work tirelessly to ensure you’re delivered a true quality culinary masterpiece, all of our knives come with our Kessaku True Lifetime Warranty. Our very highest priority is that you are completely thrilled with our products and truly in love with our brand. Contact us with any issue or concerns and we will immediately do our absolute best to make it right.
MAKES AN AMAZING PRESENT  —  This magnificent knife will arrive in style, greeting you in our beautifully designed & elegant Magnetic Closure Gift Box, Custom Sheath & Polishing Cloth. Perfect for a Birthday, Wedding, Anniversary, Mother’s Day, Father’s Day, Christmas, Housewarming. Give this to your favorite chef. The astonishing quality of this lovingly crafted, professional knife means you’ll be giving them a gift that they’ll have & use for eternity, so they’ll always think of you!"

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, German X50CrMoV15 Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains its strength and function.
Well balanced 5.5"" handle and 8"" blade with HRC 58 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
This chef’s knife is the ultimate, all-purpose knife you will use every day. Use it for chopping, slicing, dicing, and mincing just about any ingredient. Strong magnets are embedded into the edge of the sheath to hold onto the spine of the knife. An innovative and stylish way to protect your blades and fingers.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

11.5 Inches solid buit perfect full tang sharp professional cleaver chopper knife with sheath
5 inches long polished micarta handle , perfect grip Quality Finished and balance cleaver
7 inches long Forged Damascus Steel (1095 / 4340) blades with hardness 56 -58 HRC ...
Sharp and Hard and long lasting Cutting Edge .
High quality genuine leather sheath of cow hide having belt carry loops"

10 Piece Set includes: 14” chef knife; 14” carving knife; 13” bread knife; 12.5” utility knife; 12” boning knife; 8” paring knife; 12” sharpening rod; meat cleaver; Set of Scissors and carving fork in a heavy-duty zipper case.
High Carbon, Triple Hardened Steel: After hand-sharpening at the factory, Ross Henery Chef Knives retain their razor sharpness through countless meal preparations. These are essential kitchen accessories for any budding chef. A Honing Steel is also supplied
Perfect for the professional chef , College student and the home kitchen as professional kitchen knives
The plain metal design of these knives eliminate food and dirt traps, offering the ultimate in safety and hygiene which is vital for a clean working environment
Ross Henery professional is an English Brand and has over 10 years of manufacturing experience so you can be assured of the quality."

 HIGH-END KNIFE SET Professional Chef Knife Set included 8"" Chef Knife, 7"" Santoku Knife, 5"" Santoku Knife, 7"" Cleaver Knife, and 3.5"" Paring Knife. A wonderful set of kitchen knives for your kitchen task.
 HIGH-QUALITY KITCHEN KNIFE SET The Full-Tang structure with triple rivets built-in allows even superior resilience and solid durability. The original wooden handle is designed for the ergonomic grip with satisfying heft and comfort to the well-balanced kitchen knife set. The mosaic rivet in the middle brings an overall harmony and stunning visuality to the whole piece.
 INGENIOUS APPEARANCE & DESIGNDFITO kitchen knife set, which could alternative to damascus knife has a unique outlook compared with the other normal knives set. Its design combines a western chef knife and a Japanese knife. The blade laser-etched Herringbone pattern and original wooden texture make the knife shiny and stylish. It can make simple cooking become a creation of beauty.
 IDEAL FOR ANY BUSY KITCHENOur high carbon stainless steel chef knife set with a precise vacuum heat-treatment and nitrogen cryogenic tempering, it ensures you superb hardness, flexibility, and lasting performance. High quality has never looked so good at this price.
 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEEWe promise a superior product that will give you a lifetime of exemplary service, try it risk-free, we know you'll love it! it is the best choice for a gift, the high-value performance never looked so good! Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions during use."

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from tight grained, X50CrMoV15 German Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it strength and function. Hand sharpened to a 16-degree angle per side.
Well balanced 5.5"" handle and 8"" blade with HRC 58 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
This chef’s knife is the ultimate, all-purpose knife you’ll use every day. Use it for chopping, slicing, dicing and mincing just about any ingredient.
NSF International Certified, lifetime warranty against manufacturer defects"

The Must-Have Bread Knife for Every Kitchen: Whether your bread is freshly homemade or from the bakery down the street, you need a serrated knife that cuts every slice clean and true. And doesn't your kitchen deserve a bread knife worthy of a spot alongside your best china? The Eisenrose 9 inch Bread Knife oozes both class and functionality. Whether your mother-in-law is on her way or the kids are just making some lunchtime sandwiches, your new Eisenrose Knife will never disappoint.
Design & Quality Inspired by Thousands of Years of Culinary Culture: There's not a loaf of bread our 9 inch blade can't slice. And there isn't a culture that values their knives more than an Asian one. After discovering the ‘city of knives’—Yangjiang, China, we decided to make it our mission to bring you the utmost quality carbon blended steel... the kind of quality that makes you proud just to hold it.
When Rosewood Meets Steel... it Only Gets Stronger: Especially with the way we've balanced this knife for you; the polished, natural rosewood handle sits in the palm of your hand in perfect ergonomic bliss. The beauty of this serrated bread knife is its durability, to slice cleanly and consistently. Our natural handle is expertly crafted from the finest real rosewood, ensuring that every piece is an exquisitely unique complement to your kitchen.
We Sourced the Best Materials on the Planet: Inspired by Asian culture and crafted from German steel; did you know that Germany makes the most durable, reliable and sharpest steel on the planet? To ensure your knife will be slicing for decades to come, it's also heated in a vacuum furnace and chilled in a cryogenic deep freeze, super hardening it. From mom to baker to pastry chef; this knife was made for you.
Our Promise Cuts Through All of Your Worries: Our 365 Day Manufacturer’s Warranty protects you. And you’ll feel relieved to know that we stand by all of our kitchen products; they've been tried, tested, and PROVEN to slice through the test of time. We are so confident you’ll love your new DaTerra 9 inch bread knife that we offer our 365 Day Money Back Guarantee. Welcome to the family!"

5 Pcs Damascus Kitchen Chef Knife Set wirth bag to carry
Offered by GladiatorsGuild for kitchen, Camping & Hunting
Custom or Hand made damascus kitchen knife set
Exquisite piece for master chef
to Protect your Damascus kitchen knives set, BE SURE to dry & apply VEGETABLE OIL after each use."

BUY FROM A BRAND YOU CAN TRUST - Each knife is quality inspected to ensure razor sharpness right out of the box; Expect a sharp knife right out of the box.
EFFORTLESSLY CUT THROUGH FOOD PRODUCTS - This multi-functional 8 inch chef's knife is good for all types of cutting weather dicing chopping slicing sushi vegetables tomatoes or meat do it all just like a professional with this 8” chef knife.
WELL BALANCED AND COMFORTABLE IN YOUR HAND - The pakkawood handle ergonomically designed to naturally fit in your hand; It is a well balanced utility knife for your comfort.
ETCHED PATTERN - This chefs cutting knife has an etched damascus pattern for the appearance of a damascus knife. The knife is made of German 1.4116 stainless steel kitchen knives; not real Damascus.
WHAT WE PROMISE - If anything happens to your pro kitchen knife that you are not satisfied with. Contact Gourmet Tool and receive a lifetime manufacturer replacement guarantee; also for any reason you are not satisfied we also honor a 30 day money back guarantee."

An impressive tool in any butcher or chef's armoury, the Shogun Series 12.5” Breaking & Butcher Knife is a commanding knife in any busy kitchen. With its herculean design, the long blade effortlessly performs large incisions and prime cuts, slicing through any kind of meat without any tearing or shredding.
Effortlessly tear through large cuts of beef, pork and poultry like butter in a single, swift slice, trim briskets and break down large game (moose, deer, elk and more) without getting lost in the meat.
Unrivalled Performance: The Shogun Series blade is precision forged from a single piece of imported Japanese AUS-10V super steel with 67 layers of folded steel and features an enhanced vacuum treatment with nitrogen cooling for the ultimate in performance. The blade is hand sharpened to between 8-10 degrees per side, ensuring an ultra sharp edge with excellent wear resistance.
Dalstrong Power: Improving this blade further are the rock-hollow divots, which minimize adhesion, prevent stuck on food and reduce friction for a more seamless cutting experience. Featuring a beautiful, ergonomic and ambidextrous G10 Garolite handle with mosaic and engraving. The triple riveted design with full tang ensure superior strength and durability.
Dalstrong Trust: Rocksolid 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Renowned Dalstrong customer service. See why chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Dalstrong Difference'. Dalstrong luxury packaging. Now you are slicing with POWER. Dalstrong POWER!"

This 5"" Jumbo Bread Knife (SLSKGK002) is presented to you by Thunder Group
This knife comes from Thunder Group's collection of steak and bread knives
Made of Stainless Steel
It is a Ideal Dishware for your Kitchen"

 IN THE BOX - Kitchen tools; 3 ½” 9cm PARING (de-veining, removing seeds), 5” 12cm ALL PURPOSE COOK'S (cutting fruit/veg e.g. tomato) and large universal 8” 20cm SANTOKU KNIFE (general purpose). Perfect starter set for the budding chef in your life or a great addition to your knife set.
 UBER STYLISH DESIGN - The sleek contemporary design of this knife set has global appeal as it is in keeping with the modern and clean kitchen designs of today. The smooth lines of the knife handles allow for easy cleaning, keeping them hygienic as well as looking good. The bold black colour with the shine of the Chrome bolsters and matching titanium coated blades will fit in any modern home or professional kitchen.
 EFFORTLESS CUTTING AND SLICING - The contemporary stylish handle is not simply for aesthetics. Ergonomically designed for good grip, the soft touch handle provides comfort for right or left handed users, even after prolonged use. The rubberised, sleek black handle is also hygienic. Keeps you in command to control the thickness of each cut, down to laser thin slices. Use for chopping, mincing, slicing, dicing, rocking.
 2 YEAR GUARANTEE - Sheffield-based Taylor's Eye Witness has over 150 years of experience in kitchen tools. Using only the finest, highest quality metal, materials and workmanship. We are confident in our knives, we offer a 'No Quibble' warranty. If in the unlikely event that your knife set and/or holder should become defective under normal kitchen use, we will repair or replace it for up to 2 years from the purchase date. You needn't look anywhere else.
 DISHWASHER SAFE - Care: As with all good knives, they are best used on plastic, wooden or medium-dense board. Recommended: best sharpened with a Taylor's Eye Witness Chantry sharpener. What are you waiting for? Do your culinary and gourmet skills justice with this complete restaurant quality modern classic kit containing all the essential knives for beginners to the professional cooking elite. Also makes an excellent gift/present idea for bride/groom, weddings, anniversary, starter home."

A sturdy knife and an indispensable tool in every kitchen. With a wide mid-point German steel blade for cutting meat, fish, poultry and vegetables. Also ideal for chopping herbs and nuts.
The fine wood grain gives the riveted, ergonomic handle of Pakka wood a modern aesthetic
Full tang forged blade is made of special X50CrMoV15 German steel
Blade length approx. 7.9in.
Mastering the art of cutting in the kitchen"

BLADE MATERIAL - Made with 67 layers damascus steel, edge retention. Elegant hammered blade with stylish and functional design, can eliminate friction and keep food from sticking to the blade.
MICARTA WOOD HANDLE - Ergonomic handle shape is engineered for superior control, agility and comfort, hand polished, achieving highly impervious to heat, cold, moisture.
SIZE & WEIGHT - 7"" blade (3.15"" wide) with double bevel edge for both right and left-handed use; Weighs 1.41Lbs (310g), well balanced so you won’t feel dragged down.
MULTI-FUNCTIONAL - It is suitable for cutting meat ,vegetable and fruits and so on (DO NOT chop thick and hard bones like lamb or beef).
LIFETIME WARRANTY - Lifetime warranty against manufacturing defects. 100% satisfaction or full money back. Our team will help you deal with your problem or get rid of the confusion with 24 hours. This is exactly the kitchen companion you need, buy with confidence."

Grade: Damascus / Edge Angle: Double Edged
Knife Style: Santoku
Handle Shape: Octagonal / HRC: 60
Material: VG-10 Stainless Steel / Handle Material: Ambrosia Handle
Saya Cover: Magnolia Wood"

New Year Special; Receive a free Okami Sharpener when you purchase 1 or more Okami German Chef Knife; Put both items in the cart. “very sharp right out of the box” “the best knife I have ever had”
WORKHORSE; This 8 Inch Chef's Knife does it all cutting chopping mincing slicing dicing; Made of strong German steel he can be used as your go-to, daily knife for vegetables fish bread meat
STAY SHARP; handle heavy duty work with style; Balmung is a full tang chef knife with a large blade made of high carbon German stainless steel; This particular steel has a HRC of 56 (among the highest in his class); Comes with a FREE Edge Guard Cleaning Cloth and a stunning Design making it the ideal gift.
ERGONOMIC DESIGN that reduces hand and wrist fatigue or finger numbness; Combined with a large and ideally curved blade it will make your life easier and your cooking time more pleasurable
EXPERIENCE OKAMI KNIVES' “EASIER CHOPPING” GUARANTEE; We'll provide you with the finest product and service or your money back; Add your 8'' Chefs Knife to your cart today with no risk and enjoy the difference a good knife makes"

PREMIUM DAMASCUS STEEL, Our Blade is precision forged by a single piece of ultra Quality High Carbon Steel with 67 Layers, which are over sharpness than normal steel knife and also in superior toughness, flexibility and incredible long time edge retention.
PERFECTLY DESIGNED G10 HANDLE, Black G10 Handle in an incredible strong military grade, non-porous fiberglass is in highly impervious to both heat and moisture with life long durability. Our Damascus knife handle is designed for superior hand control and comfort, 3 Rivet to the handle enhance strength and durability.
OUTSTANDING PERFORMANCE, Two difference High Carbon Steel folded over repeatedly and hand polished. Further ensure corrosion and stain resistance. Meticulously sharpened using the traditional 3 stage method make an edge that offers not only razor sharpness, but also exceptional edge retention.
Good Kitchen Partner: Our professional Damascus santoku knives can easily processing your kitchen task in slicing, dicing, cutting, chopping of vegetables and meat.
Quality Warranty: 100% Satisfaction or Money Back Guarantee for defects. Try without any Risk. Kitchen Emperor, Match Special You!"


11.5 inches overall carbon steel butcher serbian cleaver chef knife ,
4.5 inches long rosewood handle ,
7 inches long carbon steel blade, Hardness 56-58 HRC Perfect Grip and Balance
Durable full tang hard and sharp cutting edge , useful for chopping cutting Comes with high quality leather sheath"

Beautiful Damascus styling clad stainless steel that protects core while maintaining a sharp 15-degree edge
Razor sharp with Rockwell Hardness of 62
Premium ergonomic G10 handle for durability and stability. The shape offers superior hand control and comfort.
Wash by hand and dry with a clean towel after use
Limited Lifetime Warranty"

Design Purity. A collection of stunningly designed, all-steel knives, offering a minimalist aesthetic with unobtrusive beauty. The less is more approach to this series’ design ensures a perfect pairing with any decor, while the razor sharp German made ThyssenKrupp x50crmov15 blade steel at 58+ Rockwell delivers exceptional performance. Painstakingly hand sharpened to 16-18 degrees per side, maintaining the perfect balance between ultra-thin slicing and maximum resilience.
A Single Piece of Razor Sharp Steel. A seamless and sleek transition from the blade to a high-chromium stainless steel handle characterizes the knives with an aggressive, forward moving stance. The sharply drawn lines forming the profile of each knife are indicative of modern design, while the ‘fuller' groove machined into every blade is reminiscent of historical medieval swords, welding the past and present together.
Ultimate Function & Performance. The stylized groove along the knife offers the added benefits of reducing friction and stuck on food, while also subtly lightening the knife and improving balance. Full tang blade for added strength and robustness. Beautifully hand polished to a satin finish, with a tapered design for for hardness and flexibility. Precisely tempered for resilience with a polished spine to facilitate a comfortable pinch grip.
Like a modern version of the medieval, steel-clad knight, the Crusader Series knife is a strikingly pure tool, ready and waiting to be your champion in culinary battle. National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) certified (Apply to knives only).
See why thousands of professional chefs and home cooks love and trust the DALSTRONG DIFFERENCE. 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it!"

Design Purity. A collection of stunningly designed, all-steel knives, offering a minimalist aesthetic with unobtrusive beauty. The less is more approach to this series’ design ensures a perfect pairing with any decor, while the razor sharp German made ThyssenKrupp x50crmov15 blade steel at 58+ Rockwell delivers exceptional performance. Painstakingly hand sharpened to 16-18 degrees per side, maintaining the perfect balance between ultra-thin slicing and maximum resilience.
A Single Piece of Razor Sharp Steel. A seamless and sleek transition from the blade to a high-chromium stainless steel handle characterizes the knives with an aggressive, forward moving stance. The sharply drawn lines forming the profile of each knife are indicative of modern design, while the ‘fuller' groove machined into every blade is reminiscent of historical medieval swords, welding the past and present together.
Ultimate Function & Performance. The stylized groove along the knife offers the added benefits of reducing friction and stuck on food, while also subtly lightening the knife and improving balance. Full tang blade for added strength and robustness. Beautifully hand polished to a satin finish, with a tapered design for for hardness and flexibility. Precisely tempered for resilience with a polished spine to facilitate a comfortable pinch grip.
Included is the 'Dalstrong Scabbard', a beautifully designed, hand-crafted blade sheath with engraved magnet to hold the knife securely in place. A smart and stylish way to protect your blades and fingers. Like a modern version of the medieval, steel-clad knight, the Crusader Series knife is a strikingly pure tool, ready and waiting to be your champion in culinary battle. National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) certified.
See why thousands of professional chefs and home cooks love and trust the DALSTRONG DIFFERENCE. 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it!"

damascus steel kitchen knife set, with genuine leather carry roll bag. stainless steel bolster, Handle scale pukka wood and bone combination. A solid knife"

The knife made of 5Cr15 stainless steel
Stainless steel blade minimizes chances of food sticking to the blade, make it more easier to slicing food"

SHARP EDGESharpness is key of all the cutting knife.Hand-polished by craftsmen with decades of experience,enowo kitchen knives are ultra sharp with only 14-degree edge, cutting force only 12N and 55±2 Rockwell hardness for extraordinary performance in edge-retention and a longer service life.
STURDY ERGONOMIC HANDLEOne piece full-tang blade and the ABS triple-riveted handle make sure Enowo chefs knife has superior stability and longevity, since they won't shrink, crack or falls off.The full bolster with right angle protects your fingers and provides excellent balance when cutting food.
SUPER PREMIUM STEELEnowo kitchen knife is made of high-carbon stainless steel which has the highest mechanical performance and the best cutting performance.The dense passivation film on the steel surface prevents our cooking knife from rust and dulling even through years of use.
COMPREHENSIVE KNIVES SET1x chef knife, 1x santoku knife,1x utility knife.This pro-grade cutlery set can easily handle all your kitchen tasks like chopping, slicing, dicing, mincing of meat ,fruits and vegetables. What’s more,the clad dimple design allows for easy food releasing，knife thickness is 3mm means no chips.It is truly all-around cooking knife!
ENOWO LIFETIME GUARANTEEEnowo provides customers 60-day money back policy,free replacement and lifetime guarantee.We are always here to provide you with the most satisfactory solution.Try Enowo chef's knives series now!"

SAMURAI SERIES - Sleek. Gorgeous. Ferociously formidable with unparalleled craftsmanship. Designed by our artisans in Japan, our Samurai Series Bread Knife features a perfectly balanced & ergonomic grip for amazing comfort & safety. The traditional bread knife has been redesigned with modern refinements to be sleek, fast, aerodynamic, and highly engineered for precision and maneuverability. Visually stylish & sure to draw the eye in any kitchen, this is one great-looking knife.
THE BLADE - Relentlessly sharp like a surgeon’s scalpel & made from our own specially formulated High Carbon 7CR17MOV Stainless Steel for enhanced corrosion resistance & non-stick properties. This Precision Forged blade is individually handcrafted & hand-sharpened using the traditional 3-stage Honbazuke method by our virtuoso technicians to 16° per side for clean, precise, cuts, amazing edge-retention, & it has a Rockwell Hardness of 58 for maximum strength, flexibility, & blade edge durability.
WONDROUS COMFORT - When you first grip the handle of this knife it will feel as if it was made for you specifically. Its Mirror-Polished Smooth Pakka Wood handle offers amazingly superior Full Tang strength (so the blade extends far into the handle for a lifetime of safe & precise use). Its seamless build ensures that no dirt or debris can ever infiltrate its pristine body, and is nearly impervious to heat, cold, and moisture.
CONSTRUCTED TO LAST FOREVER - This knife will be your culinary companion for life & comes with Kessaku’s 100% Lifetime Warranty. Because we work tirelessly to ensure you’re delivered true quality culinary masterpieces, all of our knives come with our Kessaku True Lifetime Warranty. Our very highest priority is that you are completely thrilled with our products & truly in love with our brand. Contact us with any issue or concerns & we will immediately do our absolute best to make it right.
MAKES AN AMAZING PRESENT - This exquisite knife will arrive in style, greeting you in our beautifully designed & elegant Magnetic Closure Gift Box, Custom Sheath & Polishing Cloth. Perfect for a Birthday, Wedding, Anniversary, Mother’s Day, Father’s Day, Christmas, House Warming, etc. Give this to your favorite chef. The astonishing quality of this lovingly crafted, professional knife means you’ll be giving them a gift that they’ll have & use for eternity so they’ll always think of you!"

XYJ BrandStarted in 1986, XYJ knives feature high quality, exceptional sharpness, simple design, great balance and good practicality. Following ergonomics and mechanical levers principles, we greatly improve customers’ cutting experience. XYJ knives are terrific all-rounders designed for climbing, fishing, outdoors, kitchen cooking, etc. A practical knife designed for various tasks, and get your job done quickly. XYJ amazing go-to knife, explore your journey now!
Kitchen Knife Essentials Stainless steel chef knife is a multifunction cutlery knife, which is designed for professional applications, suitable for cutting, dicing, slicing, chopping with vegetables, fruit, meat and bone, adding satisfaction and enjoyment of kitchen experience.
Full Tang Wooden Handle Ergonomic Full Tang handle can prevent the blade comfortable to grip and non-slip effect. The kitchen cleaver butcher knife is a great beauty, impeccable performance this strong design with a good strength, durability.
Unique Knife Sheath & Gift Box This cooking knife set comes with knife sheath and Gift Box, the sheath is use to protect your knife blade and finger, and the knife box carry case is a good storage organizer to your chef's knife, make it more easy and convenient to carry out.
Use and maintenanceplease pay attention to clean the knife, and acidic or alkaline substances cannot stay on the blade for a long period. Such knife shall be wiped dry after cleaning. Some cooking oil may be applied on it if it is not used for a long time. And it shall be placed at a dry place for storage."

DYNASTY SERIES - Dazzling and opulent. Astonishingly formidable with unparalleled craftsmanship, our Dynasty Series knives were expertly designed by our master artisans to reflect centuries of traditional knife design, along with cutting-edge nitrogen-cooled forging techniques, and feature shockingly sharp cutting edges alongside perfectly balanced & ergonomic grips for amazing comfort and safety. Stylish & stunningly gorgeous, these knives are sure to draw the eye in any kitchen!
A BREATHTAKING BLADE — Ferociously sharp & made from our own specially formulated ThyssenKrupp German 1.4116 Stainless Steel for greatly enhanced corrosion & rust resistance, these Precision Forged, Nitrogen Cooled blades are individually handcrafted & hand-sharpened by our virtuoso technicians in the traditional 3-stage Honbazuke method to 16° per side for clean, precise, cuts, amazing edge-retention, & have a Rockwell Hardness of 58 for maximum strength, flexibility, & blade edge durability.
SENSATIONAL COMFORT — When you first grip the handle of this knife it will feel as if it were made for you specifically. Our hand-crafted G10 Fiber-Resin Handle is impact resistant, & nearly impervious to heat, cold, & moisture, while its seamless build ensures no dirt or debris can ever infiltrate its pristine body. Our ergonomic design has ample knuckle clearance for superior control and agility, with triple rivet construction and amazingly superior Full Tang Strength for safe & precise use.
CONSTRUCTED TO LAST FOREVER - This knife will be your culinary companion for life & comes with Kessaku’s 100% Lifetime Warranty. Because we work tirelessly to ensure you’re delivered a true quality culinary masterpiece, all of our knives come with our Kessaku True Lifetime Warranty. Our very highest priority is that you are completely thrilled with our products and truly in love with our brand. Contact us with any issue or concerns and we will immediately do our absolute best to make it right.
MAKES AN AMAZING PRESENT - This exquisite knife will arrive in style, greeting you in our beautifully designed & elegant Magnetic Closure Gift Box, Custom Sheath & Polishing Cloth. Perfect for a Birthday, Wedding, Anniversary, Mother’s Day, Father’s Day, Christmas, House Warming. Give this to your favorite chef. The astonishing quality of this lovingly crafted, professional knife means you’ll be giving them a gift that they’ll have & use for eternity so they’ll always think of you!"

Premium quality materials distilled into high-performing, no-frills bladed tools sure to get the job done right. Superior blade construction. Expertly handcrafted with ultra-sharp 7cr17mov high-carbon stainless steel. Increased carbon and chromium count for unparalleled edge retention at 57-59 HRC versus other similar Swiss competitors. Thoughtfully engineered for the chef, butcher and any other culinary professionals.
Go the distance. Knives that can take a beating and keep on performing. Boasting full tang for extra strength and durability, these knives give you the highest performance possible per dollar spent. Expertly hand-sharpened to a screamingly sharp edge at 14-15 degrees per side giving you a steeper blade edge that lasts longer over it’s competitors. Each stain and corrosion resistant blade is brought to a beautiful polish by hand before undergoing rigorous quality control tests.
Chef-Certified. The precisely engineered ABS/TPE polymer blend black ‘Crius' handle ensures a heat, cold and moisture resistant grip, and a satisfyingly secure hold - even in wet or greasy environments. Chef approved ergonomic handle design is engineered for superior hand control, agility and comfort. Perfectly balanced to minimize hand and write fatigue to endure any culinary challenge. Remain confident in your control in even the busiest of kitchens.
Built to maintain the highest of standards. The easy-clean ‘Crius’ handle is molded perfectly to the blade to prevent food or unwanted particles from entering any crevice, promising the ultimate sanitary food prep that is essential for professional kitchens. National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) certified.
Titan Forge Pro Series Promise: 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Ultimate customer service experience for the ultimate professional."

Multipurpose knifeThis paring knife can be used for peeling and carving fruits, but also as a small kitchen knife for cutting and dicing. The 3.5-inch size makes it easier for you to operate, increase your cooking efficiency.
Premium SteelHigh carbon forged steel from Germany, this kind of steel have excellent performance in rust, corrosion discoloration resistance and easy honing, with a razor sharp edge for ultimate precision and performance in the kitchen.
Sharp EdgeThe tapered edge that is manually ground to 8-12 degrees provides minimal cutting resistance and precise cutting. This sharpness can be maintained for a long time, making your daily cooking easier and more enjoyable.
Easy HandingEvery angle and curve is scientifically designed to ensure that the handle fits your palm to the maximum, you will feel comfortable and stable even if your use it for a long time or get your hands wet.
Trusted ServiceTUO provides premium customer service, lifetime warranty is included. What’s more, each falcon paring knife comes with an exquisite gift box and a cleaning cloth, which can be used not only for yourself, but also as a unique gift to your family or friends."

Packaging: 1 piece in a case (6 knives + 6 forks)
Blade: Forged in a single NITRUM forged stainless steel piece for ensuring a professional cut and long-lasting durability
6 Steak Knife + 6 Steak Fork
Handle: Pack-Wood
Made 100% in Spain with a 10-year guarantee against all manufacturing defects. MADE IN SPAIN"

VG-10 JAPANESE DAMASCUS STEEL HIGH CARBON MATERIAL: Expertly crafted from 67 Layers VG-10 Japanese high carbon stainless steel ensures exceptional strength, durability and stain resistance. V-Glod 10 Japanese super steel cutting core at 60 + Rockwell hardness. Vacuum heat treatment and nitrogen cooling technique are implemented, thus get the best characterization of the steel.
Ergonomic Design & Pakka Wood Handle: The solid pakka wood handle minimizes wrist tension while providing a secure, comfortable grip no matter your hand size or where you grip. Even after prolonged use, your palm and wrist will not fatigue. Ideal for both people who cook frequently and those who just like preparing snacks
A VERY VERSATILE BREAD KNIFE: Easy cuts, and super sharp bread knife perfect slicing with less force that is ideal for hard bagels, loaves of bread, cakes, and even fruits and vegetables. Its sharp serrated blades make flawless slices, without exerting much effort, and cuts almost any food in your kitchen.
THE PERFECT GIFT - The knife comes in a high-quality luxurious gift box, making it the perfect gift for wife, husband, parents, grandparents or friends on all kinds of occasions
100% LIFETIME CUSTOMER SATISFACTION GUARANTEE: JOUMET brand knives ensures high-quality knives, made of top-grade materials that is ideally designed to your satisfaction. We also offer a full refund or replacement if you are not pleased with ANY of our JOURMET branded knives, but we made sure that you will love it!"

HAND FORGED CHEF’S KNIFE Crafted by Thai blacksmiths in a traditional style, this uniquely Moon shaped, hand-forged chef’s knife by Verve CULTURE brings an exotic flair to your kitchen! The carbon steel Thai Moon knife is a must have for creative kitchens and serious chefs alike.
MOON KNIFE The lightweight, carbon steel Moon Knife (named for its round shape) measures 11.75”, allowing for a longer cut. Its light, thin blade makes it ideal for cutting meat, as well as preparing coconut, watermelon, and other hard-skinned fruits and vegetables.
CARBON STEEL Our Thai Moon Knife is made of carbon steel, cut and sharpened to traditional standards. The blades have a dark patina which helps protect your blade from rust. Forged Carbon Steel Knives should be washed and dried after each use. Rub lightly with mineral oil.
ULTIMATE KITCHEN KNIFE All-purpose Moon Chef’s Knife is an essential asset in any kitchen and makes the perfect gift for anyone who loves to cook, whether professionals or amateurs. Knife comes packaged in a perfectly fitted bamboo box.
VERVE CULTURE A company owned and run by women, Verve CULTURE curates iconic kitchen and gourmet items made by local artisans using traditional techniques. Our vision is to present beautiful, purposeful, and authentic collections while honoring the traditions and heritage of our artisans’ work."

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, German X50CrMoV15 Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains its strength and function.
Well balanced 5.5"" handle and 9.5"" blade with HRC 58 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
This chef’s knife is the ultimate, all-purpose knife you will use every day. Use it for chopping, slicing, dicing, and mincing just about any ingredient. Strong magnets are embedded into the edge of the sheath to hold onto the spine of the knife. An innovative and stylish way to protect your blades and fingers.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

Menacing Design, Exceptional Craftsmanship: Designed from the ground up to be as sleek, aggressive and muscular looking as they are effective, the Dalstrong Shadow Black Series stands out from the pack. They’re not simply cutting-edge, high-performance tools; they're a statement about who you are and your unique sense of style as a chef.
Astonishing Performance: A ruthlessly sharp scalpel-like edge is hand finished by expert bladesmiths to 15° per side using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method. Nitrogen cooled for enhanced harness and flexibility. Each Shadow Black Series blade receives a Titanium Nitride non-reflective coating, improving robustness, corrosion resistance and enhancing non-stick properties. Crafted from a single piece of steel, each hand polished blade is full-tang for maximum durability.
Striking angles, Life-Long Durability: A midnight black ergonomic, fiber-resin and military grade G10 handle is nearly impervious to heat, cold and moisture. The handle geometry is uniquely designed to tuck snuggly into your palm, giving you a firm grasp regardless of the grip style you use. A hand-polished spine is smooth and comfortable to the touch while the G10 handle is slightly textured to provide anti-slip properties.
Dalstrong Shadow Black Series Power: Featuring high-carbon 7CR17MOV-X super-steel with an added vacuum heat treatment at 58+ HRC which allows for extraordinary performance and edge retention. Unforgettable styling, sophistication and functionality, sure to turn heads in any kitchen. Each blade comes with a matching black space-saving sheath. National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) certified.
Dalstrong Trust: Rocksolid 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Renowned Dalstrong customer service. See why over 250,000 chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Dalstrong Difference'. Dalstrong luxury gift box packaging make Dalstrong knives an excellent gift for yourself or others. Now you are slicing with POWER. Dalstrong POWER!"


High quality & Ultra Sharp blade: Each blade is expertly crafted from superior quality, high carbon stainless steel which ensure the blades retain their ultra-sharp edge longer than conventional stainless steel and provide precision results.
PROFFESIONAL KNIFE SET: KNIFAST 17-pcs knife set included 8” Chef Knife, 8” Bread Knife, 8” Slicing Knife, 8’’ Knife Sharpener, 7” Santoku Knife, 5"" Boning Knife, 5” Utility Knife, 3.5” Paring Knife, 6 pieces of 4.5” Steak Knives, Kitchen Scissors & 6"" Meat Fork, and Finger Guard. serve all types of meat.
EASY TO CUT ALL KNIDS MEAT: KNIFAST Knives is Sharp and easy to cut all kinds off meat like the mushroom, tomato, fish, beef and pork Etc.
PROFFESIONAL TEAM: Before leaving the KNIFAST factory, every knife has been strickly inspected to make sure all knives with best quality.
PRICE ADVANTAGE: All Knives were produced by our owned factory, so the price is much better than the knives that sold by the agency."

Grade: Damascus / Knife Type: Sujihiki (Slicer) Knife
Steel Type: VG-10 46 Layers Hammered Damascus
Blade: Double-Edged
BOLSTER: Water Buffalo Horn (BOLSTER COLOR -VARIES) / Handle Material: Octagonal Ambrosia Handle
Hardness Rockwell C scale: 60 / Saya Cover: Magnolia Saya Cover"

The FAMCÜTE Advantage: There are already tens of thousands of family choices in less than a year, and the influencers on YouTube have also affirmed.
FAMCÜTE Damascus Series: 100% high-quality 67 layers excellent damascus steel, With an HRC of 60+/-2 it will take an angled edge and hold it for long enough to help extend the life of your knife (w/ general maintenance) . The clad dimple allow for easy food release while slicing or dicing. This blade is great for vegetables, fruits, fish, and meats. [Please refrain from cutting frozen products as this may detriment the knife's edge.
Ergonomic Design: Design inspiration are designed to show the special beauty of chef’s knives. While focusing on comfortability, and efficiency for the everyday chef. Blade length is 15cm and handle length is 13 cm with an overall length of 29cm. When a pinch grip is used the blade length is considered “true 6” inch” where the user will be able to maximize maneuverability of the blades cutting edge.
Nature's Knife Handle: Is crafted from Indonesia's ebony wood, hard wood, shiny, delicate hand, Full tang and comfortable handle with brass mosaic rivet allows a more balance knife handling for efficient cutting, and is a great compliment to the beauty and comfort to the knife user, it's a treat when working in the kitchen.
Weight/Balance- The balance point runs heel to spine up the billet. Allowing the user a comfortable grip with precise cuts, and less wear and tear on the users hands. The weight is towards the blade of the knife making for efficient use during rock chopping motion."

Set includes (4) essential Kyocera advanced ceramic Revolution series knives: 3-inch Paring, 4.5-Inch Utility, 5.5-Inch Santoku, and 7-inch chef's
Made from Kyocera very own proprietary Black zirconia material produced in Japan for exceptional quality and beauty
Ultra-sharp, pure advanced ceramic blades that will maintain their edge up to 10x Longer than steel blades
Lightweight and easy to clean, the ceramic blades will not brown nor transfer any metallic taste to food
The unique block ( 8.8-inch x 4.3-inch) design holds firmly 6-8 knives"

Hand crafted unique wood handle compliments the hollow copper rivets tastefully. These full tang knives are forged from fine grained, X50CrMoV15 German Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. 2016 Red Dot Award Winner. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function.
Well balanced 5.5"" handle and 8"" blade with HRC 58 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale
This chef’s knife is the ultimate, all-purpose knife you’ll use every day. Use it for chopping, slicing, dicing and mincing just about any ingredient.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, X50CrMoV15 German Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. HRC 58 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
Set Includes: (8) 5"" serrated edge bladed steak knives, and Solid Acacia block. The handle is 5 Inches long and the blade is 5 inches long
Steak knife set makes for an impressive presentation of grilled meats, slicing effortlessly through everything from tender filet mignon to the thickest chops.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

Blades are made from top-quality German X50CrMoV15 high carbon stainless steel with a Rockwell hardness of 55-57.
The handle's quad tang design, with the handle's steel exposed on all four sides, provides exceptional balance and superior comfort.
Knives are safely packaged in a foam-lined box with magnetic latches, perfect for gifting and storage.
We offer a LIFETIME WARRANTY to guarantee a lifetime of great cooking."

ULTRA-PREMIUM MATERIALS: Each Sasaki knife is produced utilizing cutting edge breakthrough technology and is precision forged from world famous 67 layered Japanese AUS-10 Steel. This incredibly durable stain and corrosion resistant material delivers incomparable performance. The addition of Molybdenum and Vanadium in AUS-10 steel dramatically increases wear resistance and edge retention.
EXPERTLY CRAFTED BLADE: Each knife is expertly crafted using a multi-step process. First the blade is heated to over 1900 degrees F, and liquid nitrogen cooled to harden the steel to over 62 Rockwell hardness. Each blade is then tempered at 600 degrees F for two hours to reduce brittleness. Takumi knives are particularly notable for their beautiful, yet functional hammered design that creates small air pockets to reduce cutting friction and help prevent food from adhering to the blade.
EXPERTLY CRAFTED HANDLE: The blade is hand mated to a full tang, triple riveted non-porous fiberglass handle which is exceptionally durable and provides a perfect weight balance.
CHEF KNIFE THAT’S DISTINCTLY DESIGNED: The Sasaki Chef knife places all the power in your hands with an edge that’s sharpened at a 10°-15° per side, ensuring a razor sharp blade edge. The long, wide blade of the chef knife is specifically designed with a curved edge, so it rocks back and forth on a cutting surface (preferred by professional cooks). Whether you need to mince herbs, finely chop vegetables, slice fruit, or cut meat, the chef knife is the ultimate multipurpose tool.
PROTECTIVE, LOCKING SHEATH: A premium quality locking sheath is provided to protect the blade when it is not in use."

 Black Phoenix series of 2.5-inch fruit knife can help you peel, slice, and cut the fruit, allowing you to easily enjoy delicious fruits. The unique blade design can help you peel the fruit in all directions. This is the best choice for family and professional chefs.
Unique blade design: This professional fruit knife has been polished through multiple processes, and the internal structure of the material is stronger and more stable. The blade is made of high-carbon stainless steel, which has stronger stability, wear resistance and corrosion resistance. The blade is designed with air holes to prevent food from sticking to the blade, making it easier to clean.
Extremely sharp blade: The blade of this 2.5-inch fruit knife is made of high-quality German 1.4116 stainless steel. The blade has been repeatedly polished by hand and machine at 12-14 degrees. With extraordinary cutting performance and edge retention, it can greatly improve your slicing efficiency, and it can help you complete your work perfectly.
Comfortable ergonomic Pakkawood handle: This excellent fruit knife has an integrated blade. The handle has a moderate weight and a moderate size, which can provide you with a comfortable grip. The handle is made of unique Pakkawood, which can provide you with better balance and control when cutting ingredients for multiple hours, reducing your fatigue during cutting.
The best choice for gifts: The high-end black packaging gift box attracts people's attention. This 2.5-inch Fruit knife can be given to family or friends on important anniversaries, Mother's Day, Christmas, Thanksgiving, and parties. This 2.5-inch Fruit knife will bring them a more convenient experience. Tuo provides high-quality after-sales service to provide life-long guarantee for your use."

ALL-IN-ONE COMPLETE SET The 8 PCS kitchen knife boxed set includes 8"" Chef Knife, 8"" Slicer Knife, 8"" Bread Knife, 7"" Santoku Knife, 5"" Santoku Knife, 7"" Cleaver Knife, 6"" Boning Knife, and 3.5"" Paring Knife. The curve of the blade is gentle aides in easy precise cutting. Great for mincing, slicing, and dicing fruit, meat, fish, and vegetables in the kitchen because of excellent performance. Also could be used for bread cutting for guests on the dining table because of charming appearance.
PROFESSIONAL QUALITY AT ITS BESTThe best materials to update your cooking! This stainless-steel knife set gives you superior blades, made of high carbon forged stainless steel which comes with 54+ Rockwell Hardness, long-lasting edge, and excellent toughness. The knife blade is painstakingly hand sharpened to 13-15° per side, maintaining the perfect balance between ultra-thin slicing and maximum resilience for smooth cutting through.
INGENIOUS APPEARANCE & DESIGNDFITO kitchen knives set has a unique outlook compared with the other normal knives set. Its design combines a western chef knife and a Japanese knife. The waved pattern and blue resin handle make the knife shiny and stylish. It can make simple cooking become a creation of beauty.
Ultra-Sharp EDGE- Sharpness is the key! Razor-sharp and laser-tested blade effortlessly chop, minces, slices, and dices. The knife surface is finely polished, corrosion-resistant, and easy to clean. Knives have a strong durable bolster for perfect stability and control. Even if you use it for a long time, you won't feel tired and uncomfortable. It makes sure you enjoy your cooking time!
EASY CAREHand wash with warm water and a mild detergent; rinse and dry immediately. DFITO chefs knives set comes with protective sheaths, ideal for family and friends as a gift. Customer's understanding and communication are very important to both of us, so please feel free to contact with us if you have any problems. Thanks!!"

SASHIMI CHEF'S KNIFE: This 7 inch sushi knife is a sharp,thick, right handed slicing master professional for Japanese cuisine to perfect for creating razor-thin slices of fish and soft meats for sashimi
SUITABLE FOR VEGETABLES AND FISH AND MEAT: SAWKIT Knife not only for fish, but also for boneless proteins such as raw poultry slicing, flank, pork tenderloins and other tender meats
PROFESSIONAL CHEF'S KNIFE: This kitchen utility knife can handle daily kitchen work easily, such as cutting, slicing, carving, dicing, peeling most of ingredients like meat, vegetables, fish, food an so on
VERY SHARP KNIFE: Masterfully elegant, perfectly balanced, razor sharp and with exceptional performance, the SAWKIT knife is a statement in refinement, beauty, purity and power
ZERO RISK: 100% Satisfaction or Money Back Guarantee for You. We promise a superior product that will give you a lifetime of exemplary service, try it risk-free, we know you'll love it! With the luxury packing, it is also the wise choice as a gift(Christmas, weddings, birthdays, fathers day, mothers day), for culinary students, home cooks, professional chefs and more"

Multifunctional Meat Cleaver KnifeThe Chinese 10.6 inch meat cleaver knife is perfect for cutting, chopping, slicing, deboning, cleaving meats, light bone, vegetable, and coconut,easily to re-sharpen, clean and maintain. you will feel with unrivalled massive cutting performance! making this a great addition to any professional or high quality home cutlery.
Premium Carbon SteelThe blade of the meat vegetable cleaver knife is made of high carbon steel. It is not made of stainless steel, so after each use, you may need keep it clean and dry to resist rust. Adopted vacuum heated treatment and cooling treatment, the hardness of this knife can be up to 58 HRC. The steel is extremely hard and makes the blade really sharp and durable.
Particular Hand forged Design - Hand forged chef cleaver knife is well designed with beautiful and practical liner, the superbly balanced and the weight simply makes the cutting more pleasure and powerful. Classic Forged Texture looks advance and beautiful.
Ergonomic Pakkawood HandleOur Forged cleaver knife is made of Pakkawood, Pakkawood produces a very dense product that is waterproof. This material holds up well in knife handle, . Ergonomic handle can be gripped tightly and don't worry slipping off when use our kitchen knife, also is comfortable to cut, slice. triple riveted copper handle not only looks great, but feels great in your hand.
Gift That Makes Memories Our chef knife meat cleaver comes in a luxury hard case box, making it a perfect gift for Christmas, New year ,Weddings, Birthdays, Fathers Day, Mothers Day, Corporate events and a perfect tool for home cooking, professional cooks, cooking students and more. Gift your beloveds and friends with the best all purpose kitchen knife available. Make them feel special and loved!"

SUPERB VEGETABLE PREP CHEFS KNIVES: Swift, sharp and clean, the Japanese Nakiri knife can be used for chopping, mincing, slicing, and dicing. Whether you want to make a daily salad or gourmet, just simple push this straight, razor-sharp-edged Nakiri knife. Many pro chefs and home chefs chose this knife as their partner.
OUTSTANDING PERFORMANCE: With its military-grade non-slip pakkawood handle grip and corrosion-resistant AUS-10 steel blade, the 7"" Japanese Nakiri Knife provides a durable, comfortable, multifunctional, and valuable addition to the kitchen, revolutionizing daily cutting tasks.
RUTHLESSLY SHARP: This 67-layered damascus blade has an incredible 12 degree pro razor edge per side, mirror polished cutting angle ensuring maximum sharpness and safety, effortless slicing of meat, fish-sushi, vegetable, fruit and more, premier razor sharpness ensures your slicing and dicing is done clean and effortlessly.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE: Meticulously constructed ultra-premium pakkawood handle. Highly impervious to heat, cold, and moisture with military-grade strength and life-long durability. Bolster provides a perfectly engineered balance and gently encourages a comfortable and proper pinch grip.
100% SATISFACTION or MONEY BACK GUARANTEE: Lifetime Warranty against Manufacturing Defects. Ideal multipurpose cutlery gift (Christmas, Weddings, Birthdays, Fathers Day, Mothers Day), for Home Cooks, Professional Chef’s, Culinary Students and more."

Sharp blade: Premium Damascus stainless steel layers keeps the durability, exceptional strength and maintenance of sharpness.
Perfectly balanced: the precisely tapered blade minimizes surface resistance and curves inward to maneuver close to the bone, ensuring separating bone and meat is ultra efficient, while the fine tip gets in between joints.
Comfortable Handle: Hand polished wooden handle is engineered for superior hand control, agility and comfort.
Features: sharp and durable, healthy and environmental protection, lightweight and labor-saving, chef applicable!
Size : 6 inch, Suitable for: meat, poultry, fish, fruits, vegetables, etc."

High-quality and Well BalancedWhen you get your first glimpse of the beautiful Damascus blade, it is immediately apparent that the build quality and precision are first-class. The handle is comfortable and allows utmost control. It is very smooth, yet has a tactile quality that lets you know it will not slip out of your hand.
Sharp Knives Make Cooking EasierIf you slice tomatoes first, the Damascus Knife will tell you how sharp it is. Cutting veggies with such little effort on the slice you will enjoy doing things you used to dread., no more stabbing tomatoes so that you can slice them into a squish pile.
Solidly Built Utility KnifeHigh Carbon VG-10 Steel is really hard. The construction of this knife is extremely solid and lasts for a long time, as the harder metal will not be removed as fast as its stainless counterpart while being sharpened.
Easy to Hold The Kitchen Utility Knife feels really nice in the hand, well balanced, with a bit of weight to it but not heavy, it will not slip even in wet hand.
Wonderful Customer Service100% Satisfaction or Refunding. Fukep is committed to providing customers with quality kitchen knives and friendly service. Any questions please contact us first, PLEASE."

Professional Kitchen Knife: This HTT series 8"" professional chef knives is designed for professional chefs. With its sharp edges, unique design and good cutting experience, it is preferred by consumers. Together stored in the elegant packaging, it is an ideal gift of choice. In addition, it is an ideal appliance for cooking beginners, professional chefs and ordinary households.
Damascus Steel Blade: The blade is made of high-quality 73-layer Damascus steel. Damascus steel enjoys 58-62 HRC of hardness in the steel core, its extremely high hardness guarantees excellent sharpness and wear resistance.
Dalbergia Wood Handle : dalbergia is a natural solid wood. Due to the different cutting season, wood location and growth environment, there are certain differences in the color and texture of the handle, which is a normal phenomenon and cannot be avoided.
High Cost Performance:The damascus steel for this knife is imported from Japan. But make in China, Yarenh provides customers with the highest quality damascus steel kitchen knife at attractive price, while giving them a sophisticated cutting experience.
Risk free purchase: We are committed to providing high quality, cost-effective products and excellent services. If you are not satisfied with the products or services within one month after buying the product, we will give an unconditional refund."

EXQUISITELY CRAFTED - Our chef steak knife set sports exotic Pakka wood handles, sanded with a smooth finish for a polished look. The luxe design is enhanced by the stainless bolster and butt.
EFFORTLESS CUTS - Our stainless steel steak knives are equipped with top-notch serrated blade edges that are expertly engineered to help you cut through steak without tearing the delicate meat.
COMFORTABLE GRIP - The Pakka wood handles of our serrated kitchen knife sets are designed for comfort. Handle each 9-inch large steak knife with ease while you dine or prep your meat slices.
SLEEK PRESENTATION BOX - Our serrated knife sets come in elegant storage boxes, ready to be given as gifts for special occasions. The packaging also conveniently doubles as a handy display case."

Shun’s 5.5-Inch Santoku Knife’s perfect size conquers medium-sized kitchen tasks; convenient size makes it a must-have addition to every kitchen
Part of Shun’s Classic series, this 5.5-Inch Santoku features tasteful and contemporary design and premium materials that set it apart from other leading knives on market
VG-MAX, high-performing steel core of Santoku blade enables incredible edge retention; additional chromium in this proprietary steel boosts wear and corrosion resistance; more cobalt increases strength; more vanadium enhances cutting performance
Sleek handle is made of genuine hardwood infused with resin for moisture resistance, strength and durability; the Santoku’s PakkaWood handle has a flawless, ebony finish
With elite function and aesthetics, Shun’s Classic 5.5-inch Santoku can be used by experts and amateurs alike, including grandparents, parents, in-laws, hosts, hostesses, chefs or aspiring cooks"

High Quality Stainless Steel This butcher chef knife is made of high quality stainless steel, the handle and the blade are integrated without soldering, which is firm and durable to eliminate broken handle.
Handmade Forged Technology The camping knife are sharpened manually by workers with more than 30 years of experience by using natural knife grinders mined from Mount Emei. Compared with kitchen knives made with mechanical ways, the service life of such knives is longer.
Full Tang Wooden Handle Ergonomic Full Tang handle can prevent the blade comfortable to grip and non-slip effect. The kitchen cleaver butcher knife is a great beauty, impeccable performance this strong design with a good strength, durability.
Multifunctional Cleaver Knife 7 inch cleaver knife blade is extremely sharp, and it is suitable for cutting meat, fish, vegetable, fruits or any other your favourite foods except bones. You can finish your daily kitchen cutting work and be always in your element by using it. With a mini whetstone, premium gift box, mini whetstone, it is also the wise choice as a gift.
Convenient To Carry Out The butcher knife kitchen comes with an unique plastic knife sheath to protect the knife blade, beautiful and more safety, and can be attached to the belt for easy carrying when using outdoor."

The rubber wheel blades are heat-treated, and the surface shows an excellent grinding process, making them super strong and tough. The professional GrandMaster chef knife is made of martensitic stainless steel with a good carbon to chromium ratio, and added with manganese and silicon, with extremely high hardness. And is equipped with a Knife Sharpener to keep the knife sharp at all times.
The smooth and comfortable colored wood grip has enough knuckle clearance to provide you with better control, whether you are a beginner or a professional, you can ensure your safety and control.
The overall design of the cutter is very balanced, fully ergonomically designed, has excellent control and agility, and helps reduce hand fatigue. You can easily use our cooking knives.
This GrandMaster kitchen knife is durable, sharp and laser-tested. The blade is easily shredded, chopped, sliced and cut into small pieces, specially designed to handle kitchen tasks of various sizes, perfect for all your cooking needs .
Beautiful gift boxes are made for birthdays, weddings, anniversaries, mother's day, father's day, christmas, house heating, etc. The 8-inch chef knife is for newlyweds, homeowners, parents, grandparents, chefs, aspiring chefs, ceremonial ladies or as private kitchen tools."

Class Design Dinner Knives6 Piece steak knife set with satisfying heft, premium materials and quality feel. black pakkawood handle ensures comfort and maneuverability. full tang handle offer a secure ,non-slip and comfortable grip. Making your cutting safer and easier and keeping the elegant table manner.
German High-carbon Steel:The kitchen knife steak is hand polished and precisely forged by extraordinary quality stainless steel X50CrMoV15 / 1.4116 at 58 HRC to ensure its sharpness durability, corrosion and stain resistance.
Non-serrated Blade The flatware's straight edge blade is non serrated,allowing a smooth slice on steaks and other foods without tears and ridges.The upward curved tip designed to assist in separating meat from the bone easily.
Incredibly Sharphand-sharpened to 14-16 degrees per side and expertly heat treated. Clean, straight cuts with 5"" of razor sharp German steel honed to perfection,Steak Knives have a straight clean edge that glide through beef like butter without shredding or damaging the meat.
Easy MaintenanceCutlery is crafted to resist corrosion and dulling,High Carbon Stainless Steel Blades, precisely cut with the latest state of the art technology for incredible sharpness and easy maintenance.This knives are hand wash only."

VG 10 steel blade with 46 layers of damascus
Stainless steel finish
Octagonal Shaped Ambrosia Handle
Superior sharpness, durable, stain resistant
Handcrafted in Japan
Handcrafted in Japan"

Hand crafted unique wood handle compliments the hollow copper rivets tastefully. These full tang knives are forged from fine grained, X50CrMoV15 German Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. 2016 Red Dot Award Winner. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. HRC 58 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
Set Includes: 8” chef's knife, 8” carving knife, 8” bread knife, 5” serrated utility knife, 3.5” paring knife and a solid walnut wood block that houses each knife perfectly.
A set of quality knives is the foundation of any kitchen. Whether it’s carving a turkey or peeling an apple, this professional-grade set contains the knives necessary for completing any kitchen task.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

5 Pcs Kitchen Knife Set Include: 8"" Chef Knife *1,6.5"" Nakiri Knife *1,7"" Santoku Knife *1,3.5"" fruit knife *1,5""kitchen utility knife *1,and the 5 pcs knives in the same gift box;
Damascus Steel Blade: The blade is made of 67 layers of Damascus steel; the 10Cr15CoMoV high carbon steel is selected for the steel core whose hardness is stable at 60 ± 2HRC, showing its excellence in high sharpness and durability.
Pakka Wood Handle: The handle of this chef knife uses pakka wood, which is not easy to shrink, fade and deform. the handle size, length and shape is ergonomic, can provide better potency for gripping, comfort and agility.
High Cost Performance:The yarenh knife is made of the best materials in Japan and Europe in the world-famous ""Cutter City"" Yangjiang-China. By using premium materials and low-cost mature process, it provides customers with the highest quality damascus steel kitchen knife at attractive price, while giving them a sophisticated cutting experience.
Excellent Services: We are committed to providing high quality, cost-effective products and excellent services. If you are not satisfied with the products or services within one month after buying the product, we will give an unconditional refund."

Shun Classic 8-Piece Student Set comes with essential kitchen knives used in class; meticulously handcrafted Shun knives perform with precision, giving students the satisfaction of a job well done
Includes: Shun Classic 8-inch Chef’s Knife, 3.5-inch Paring Knife, 6-inch Utility Knife, Boning/Fillet Knife, 9-inch Bread Knife, Hollow-Ground Slicing Knife, Shun Honing Steel and Nylon Knife Roll
Aspiring chefs benefit from using best-in-class knives; attention to detail, innovative design, unparalleled performance and unmatched aesthetics mean every Shun knife helps you do your best work
Handcrafted in Japan, these knives feature premium VG-MAX blade steel with 68 micro-layers of Damascus cladding; blades are sharper, lighter and thinner, for maximum control and precision
Master skills like boning, filleting, dicing, slicing, chopping, paring and peeling with superior cutlery; high performance steel blades and PakkaWood handles yield delicious culinary results"

 Premium MaterialCrafted from premium Japanese High Carbon Stainless steel VG-10, this 10.5 inch Japanese Sashimi knife is precisely tempered and hardened with High-Tech vacuum heat treatment to reach a 58+ Rockwell Hardness.
 Extremely Sharp BladeKeemake experienced craftsman hand sharpened the edge with 12-15 degrees to ensure blade’s sharpness 80-100. Sushi knife boasts unrivaled performance and incredible edge retention.
 Natural Wood Handle Constructed from natural, smooth and sturdy rosewood handle, act as a seamless junction between the handle and the knife blade Not only strengthen the knife but also provides a smooth transition from the blade to the handle.
 High cutting performanceYanagiba knife is an excellent kitchen tool for tackling tasks, the ruthlessly sharp single-bevel blade is perfectly suited for cutting sushi and sashimi, filleting and slicing fish and meat without pulling or tearing, keeping maximizing flavor while the 3.1mm blade gently pushes meat away from the blade.
  100% Service Guarantee Enjoy your risk-free shopping on Keemake. If, for any reason, your product proves to be unsatisfactory, feel free to contact our 24x7 hrs customer service for the items' replacement or refund."

Super Sharp Blade EdgeGerman high carbon stainless steel, adding a variety of rare elements such as C (carbon), CR (chromium), Mo (molybdenum), V (vanadium), Co (cobalt). It is forged by a new generation of military special steel forging technology, so as to achieve the super-high hardness and lasting sharpness.
High-quality SteelThe professional 8-inch chef's knife is made from German high carbon stainless steel which can greatly improve the hardness of the cooking knife. The chromium, molybdenum, and vanadium metal elements have good special properties for the strength, hardness, anti-rust and sharp about this knife.
Ergonomic HandleThe ergonomic handles on this chef knife enable the right balance between the handle and the blade, ensuring ease of movement, and offer superior comfort and a non-slip grip, even under a long time use.
Exquisite Gift This professional chef knife has always been the first choice for home chefs and professionals. The chef knife with a beautiful packaging box can also be given as a gift to friend and family who likes cooking.
Satisfaction GuaranteeWe offer a 100% satisfaction guarantee. If any questions, please contact us and we will refund or replace your purchase! Purchase without risk."

ALL-IN-ONE COMPLETE SET - Professional Damascus Knives set includes 8”Chef Knife, 8”Slicing Knife, 8”Bread Knife, 7” Santoku Knife, 5.5”Utility Knife, 3.5”Paring Knife, Kitchen Shears, Knife Sharpener to stay sharp and natural wooden Block.
QUALITY DESIGN - Knives are crafted with VG10 steel core 67 layers superior damascus steel blades for precision and accuracy. HRC 60-62 hardness for exceptional sharpness, edge retention. Curved design handle provides comfort and support.
DURABLE & EASY TO CLEAN - The integrated design of the blade and the shank is not easy to break, safe and durable. It ensures long lasting performance and easy to clean. You can save a lot of time on cleaning.
EASY TO CARE & STORAGE - Wooden block part is made of durable natural fraxinus mandschurica, and the knife slots is easier to insert and remove, safe and sanitary. Use more assured!
LIFETIME WARRANTY - Every knife set is backed by superior quality and under strict quality inspection. Our aim is 100% satisfied customers. Return it anytime and get a full refund when you are not happy with our knife set."

All-In-One 10 Pcs Knife SetIncluded 8” Chef Knife, 8” Bread Knife, 8” Meat Knife, 8’’ Knife Sharpener, 7” Santoku Knife, 6.5” Slicing Knife, 6’’ Boning knife, 5” Santoku Knife, 3.5” Paring Knife and Round Knife Block easily pick up and serve all types of meat.
STYLISH AND MODERN KNIFE SETThe hammer finish design on the blade reduces drag, eases cutting and gives a stylish look to this high quality knife.
EASY TO CUT ALL KNIDS OF MEATLONSDOW Knives is Sharp and easy to cut all kinds off meat like the mushroom, tomato, fish, beef and pork Etc.
PRICE ADVANTAGEAll Knives were produced by our owned brother factory, so the price is much better than the knives that sold by the agency.
100% SATISFACTIONPlease contact us for any questions. We will reply within 8 hours and help solve the problem until you are satisfied."

A welcome addition to any butcher or serious chef’s arsenal, the Shogun Series 8” Curved Butcher & Breaking Knife is a must have for any serious butcher or chef who prepares large quantities of beef, pork, poultry, fish and other meats.
Engineered to Perfection: Featuring a slightly more conservative blade length over it’s larger counterparts, this blade offers superior control and maneuverability to expertly slice through flesh and break-through cartilage. Section and portion large cuts like a master, effortlessly glide through steaks like butter, and trim briskets without getting lost in the meat.
Unrivalled Performance: The Shogun Series blade is precision forged from a single piece of imported Japanese AUS-10V super steel with 67 layers of folded steel and features an enhanced vacuum treatment with nitrogen cooling for the ultimate in performance. The blade is hand sharpened to between 8-10 degrees per side, ensuring an ultra sharp edge with excellent wear resistance.
Dalstrong Power: Improving this blade further are the rock-hollow divots, which minimize adhesion, prevent stuck on food and reduce friction for a more seamless cutting experience. Featuring a beautiful, ergonomic and ambidextrous G10 Garolite handle with mosaic and engraving. The triple riveted design with full tang ensure superior strength and durability.
Dalstrong Trust: Rocksolid 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Renowned Dalstrong customer service. See why chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Dalstrong Difference'. Dalstrong luxury packaging. Now you are slicing with POWER. Dalstrong POWER!"

Chef 57hrc knife chopping chinese knives professional knifes kitchen forged Unit Type piece
Glove butcher Wholesale knife fold kitchen damascus for chef cleaver santoku Feature Stocked,Eco-Friendly Knife Type Santoku Knives Material Handmade Forged High-carbon Clad Steel .
Blade length: 17 cm Blade width: 10 cm (The widest point) Blade thickness: 4 mm Net weight: 300 g Material: Handmade Forged High-carbon Clad Steel. Handle: Full Tang integrated steel shank + wood + rivet fixing Characteristics: Razor Sharp for easy paper cutting Hey, you see the rust on the surface of the blade. This is normal because it is handmade high carbon steel. （We are not exaggerated, we only want to express the truest to you.）"

BEST IN CLASS: Visually Stunning, Satisfying Heft, Premier Meat Cleaver, an ideal Gift for any Home or Professional Kitchen Cook. Chinese Style Chef Knife. Perfect for Cutting, Chopping, Slicing, De Boning, Cleaving Meats, Light Bone, Vegetable, Coconut, Whole Chickens and More with Ruthless Efficiency bringing Excitement back to Cooking. Heavy Duty, yet Solid and Nimble giving You Extreme Cutting Power – give it a try, you will see!
QUALITY GERMAN STEEL: Unlike a lot of the competition who use cheap steels that will rust, dent and wear out, Rust, Corrosion and Stain Resistant that boasts an optimum 56 Rockwell Hardness meaning the Blade is Tough, Hard with Exceptional Edge Retention. Butcher Cleavers / Chopper Cutlery Never Looked or Felt So Good!
Pure handmade polished wooden handle, Highly corrosion resistant stainless steal and iron.Excellent comfort and durability
VALUE & PERFORMANCE: The Ultimate Restaurant Class Cutter Butchering Chef’s Knife – Chop Large or Small Meat cubes, light bones, even Coconut like slicing through butter. Take Your Culinary Skills to the Next Level. Set in an Ultra Premium Packaging Box making it Perfect for Gifting. Wield the Power!
Have confidence that the blade will not slip with the security of the ergonomic grip 100% satisfaction or money back, try it risk free and hope you love it."

Professional chefs knife: This multifunctional chef knife with super sharp edges and perfect curvature(10-15°per side) meets all the chef's requirements for the knife. The razor-sharp forged edge can hold its sharpness for a long lifetime and makes slicing meat, chicken, steak, and sushi / sashimi feel like slicing butter. The well weighted Chefs Knife with rounded handles requires minimal effort whether you’re chopping, slicing, dicing or mincing.
VG10 Damascus Steel knife: This chef knife features an ultra sharp VG10 Vacuum Heat Treated Japanese super steel cutting core at 62+ Rockwell hardness: extraordinary performance and edge retention. 66 layers of premium high-carbon stainless steel layers ensure exceptional strength, durability and stain resistance. Minimal Slicing Resistance.
Durable G10 handle for pro chefs: The ultra-premium G-10 handle of the Japanese Damascus Chef Knife, which is designed for superior control, agility and comfort, has gone through special treatment, making it extremely impervious to heat, moisture, cold with military grade strength and life-long sturdiness. Even if you use this chefs knife for a long time, you won't feel tired and uncomfortable no matter your hand size or where you grip.
Perfect Gift: Damascus chef knife is not only sharp, but the decoration is also world class. Stunning Fish-bone pattern surface makes your cooking moment to be the most enjoyable time in life. This is a wonderful gift for Home Cooks, Professional Chefs, Culinary Students and collection(Christmas, Weddings, Birthdays, Mother’s Day, Father’s Day).
QUALITY Guarantee: 100% satisfaction or money back for the Chef Knives. Try it risk free. Superior Chef Knives that will give you a lifetime of exemplary service. We are committed to providing our customers with quality knives and friendly service."

Ultra-Sharp 8 inch Bread KnifeYou can easily handle your daily tasks of slicing of all types of bread with this kitchen knife bread, including thick breads, toasts, bagels, baguettes, brioche, cakes, pastries etc.
Serrated Blade EdgeOur serrated bread knife has an ultra-sharp serrated edge, cuts quickly without tearing, to provide a smooth, clean cut, no more crumbs! Attention: Please don't put it in the dishwasher to avoid damage.
Ergonomic Pakkawood HandleThe ergonomics shape enables the right balance between the handle and the blade, gives you stability and perfect grip, safe handling, ensuring ease of movement and protect your fingers during meal preparation.
High Carbon Stainless Steel MaterialThe blade of our bread cutter 8 inch is made of high carbon stainless steel (not real Damascus) material, which is high hardness, resists rust, wear-resistant and corrosion resistance.
Classic PatternThe special waved pattern blade is particularly and strikingly, our multi-purpose bread slicer can also cut through fruits, vegetables, hams, turkeys, a perfect gift for your family and friends. For any problems, please do not hesitate to contact us."

 CHEF'S CHOICE - Hammer Stahl Cutlery is designed to look great and perform even better. This essential set includes a knife for all of your most common kitchen tasks.
 PREMIUM MATERIAL - Our cutlery is made from top-quality German X50CrMoV15 High Carbon Stainless Steel. It is forged and tempered to precise specifications and a Rockwell hardness of 55 - 57 that provides a superior edge and lasting durability.
 RAZOR SHARP - Each blade is precisely measured by laser for a world-class cutting edge. Every blade is sharpened to a 20 degree bevel angle.
 QUALITY MEETS COMFORT - Our quad tang design gives each knife exceptional balance, lasting durability, and superior comfort. In addition, each Pakkawood handle is infused with phenolic resin that combines the beautiful look of wood with the durability of plastic.
 LIFETIME WARRANTY - We value the quality and durability of our products. That's why we provide a lifetime guarantee against any defects in materials or workmanship."

HIGHEST QUALITY: 4 extra sharp professional knives with Japanese Damascus blades and Mikata handles, blade hardness: 60±2HRC, made of 67 steel layers, each blade is made of high alloy, ice hardened carbon steel creating optimal sharpness.
PERFECT BASIC EQUIPMENT FOR PROFESSIONAL CHEF: 4 razor-sharp knives in a set: Santoku knife, 12.2-inch /7-inch, Ham knife, 11.8-inch / 6.7-inch, Small Santoku knife, 9-inch / 5-inch, Paring knife, 7.5-inch / 3.3-inch
Perfect as a gift for yourself or friends, who love cooking and conjure up a special dish with heart and passion from various ingredients such as vegetables, fruit, fish or meat.
Handle made of Mikata: perfectly balanced and manufactured with ergonomic, very robust handles. A completion for professional chef and hobby cook
Gift box included for safe storage and protection of the Slicing knife and a perfectly rounded look of the Wakoli Mikata series"

Enjoy effortless dining for you and your guests with this premium 4-piece set of steak knives, from heritage brand Sabatier
Slice steak like butter: the taper-ground, serrated blades glide through even tough steaks, as well as lamb chops, pizzas and more
Made from high-quality MoV steel for rust resistance and sharpness retention
From the Sabatier collection. Sabatier has been trusted for more than 200 years for excellent product design and exceptional performance
Scissors, knives, salt mills and many other kitchenware products are available: just look for the prestigious Griffin logo"

Consist on 5 knives plus one knives sharpening rod
Handle Metrial of Natural RosewoodWood.
All Knives Overall Length is : 8.50'' To 13.50'' In-chases
Comfort, smooth and easy to Use. Wash & Dry The Blade & Apply Vegetable Oil after every use."

Knife Block Sets Professional : 8"" Chef Knife *1,7"" Santoku Knife *1,8"" Sashimi Knife *1,5"" Kitchen Utility Knife *1,paring knife 3.5"" *1,knife whetstone *1,Knife block *1,Kitchen shears *1.8-Piece knife set are packeting in the same gift box;
High Cost Performance:The damascus steel for this knife is imported from Japan. But made in China, Yarenh provides customers with the highest quality damascus steel kitchen knife at attractive price, while giving them a sophisticated cutting experience.
Damascus Steel Blade: The blade is made of 67 layers of Damascus steel; the 10Cr15CoMoV high carbon steel is selected for the steel core whose hardness is stable at 60 ± 2HRC, showing its excellence in high sharpness and durability.
Dalbergia Wood Handle : dalbergia is a natural solid wood. Due to the different cutting season, wood location and growth environment, there are certain differences in the color and texture of the handle, which is a normal phenomenon and cannot be avoided.
Excellent Services: We are committed to providing high quality, cost-effective products and excellent services. If you are not satisfied with the products or services within one month after buying the product, we will give an unconditional refund."

W Trading- Hand made damascus steel kitchen knife 8Pcs set one of a kind, Complete kitchen solution. Fixed by Brass rivets and mosaic pin, real leather pouch for storage.
Offered by W Trading for kitchen, Camping and Hunting consisting of wood handle
TO PROTECT YOUR DAMASCUS KITCHEN KNIFES SET, BE SURE TO CLEAN WITH A CLOTH and APPLY VEGETABLE OIL AFTER EACH USE. DON'T LET IT WET FOR LONG TIME. STORE IT OILED ALL THE TIME."

VG10 super steel
Authentic thin Japanese blade profile
Hand-honed using the three-step Honbazuke process to a 9.5 to 12 degree edge
CRYODUR blade, ice-hardened to Rockwell 60
65-layer flower Damascus design with katana edge"

Solid Built .. full tang durable hard cutting edge .. professional cleaver useful for chopping and cutting ..
7 inches Long Forged Damascus Steel (1095 / 4340) Blade . Sharp Durable , Full tang . Solid cutting edge
5 inches Long Rosewood handle . perfect Grip and Balance Quality Finish
Serbian chopper cleaver kitchen home chef professional knife .
with leather sheath of high qulaity cow skin"

ULTRA-PREMIUM MATERIALS: Each Sasaki knife is produced utilizing cutting edge breakthrough technology and is precision forged from world famous 67 layered Japanese AUS-10 Steel. This incredibly durable stain and corrosion resistant material delivers incomparable performance. The addition of Molybdenum and Vanadium in AUS-10 steel dramatically increases wear resistance and edge retention.
EXPERTLY CRAFTED BLADE: Each knife is expertly crafted using a traditional multi step process. First the blade is heated to over 1900 degrees F, and liquid nitrogen cooled to harden the steel to over 62 Rockwell hardness. Each blade is then tempered at 600 degrees F for two hours to reduce brittleness. The result is a perfect blade that is hand ground by a senior master cutler to be incredibly razor sharp.
EXPERTLY CRAFTED HANDLE: The blade is hand mated to a full tang, triple riveted non-porous fiberglass handle which is exceptionally durable and provides a perfect weight balance.
SANTOKU KNIFE THAT’S DISTINCTLY DESIGNED: The Sasaki Santoku knife places all the power in your hands with an edge that’s sharpened at a 10°-15° per side, ensuring a razor sharp blade edge. The Santoku blade has a flat edge with a rounded tip, allowing for better control when tackling delicate tasks. It is a versatile tool that cuts easily through meat, fish, and vegetables, and features kullens which allows food to easily slide from the blade as you slice, chop, or dice, becoming a worldwide favorite.
PROTECTIVE, LOCKING SHEATH: A premium quality locking sheath is provided to protect the blade when it is not in use."

Razor sharp, high-carbon, stain-resistant German steel resists rust, corrosion, and discoloration
Single-edge blade is taper ground with a fine stone finish
Offered with a traditional wood handle
Hand wash knives for blade edge and surface care"

8- Inch Professional 67-Layer Damascus Steel
A traditional Japanese convex grind (Hamaguri-ba) damascus blade that excels in sharpness, durability and ease of sharpening
Handcrafted octagonal ebony wood handle with buffalo horn bolster is lightweight and ergonomically welds to the hand for seamless use
Each KATSU kitchen chef knife comes with a dark walnut wood magnetic saya style sheath, which is convenient when carrying out field activities
An exquisite KATSU gift box with unique patterns offers you the perfect gift idea for Christmas, Weddings, Birthdays, Father’s Day, Mother’s Day, etc."

YOU USE THIS NON STICK HI QUALITY CHEF'S KNIFE EASY AS A PROFESSIONAL - It's suitable to use by anyone. The perfect shape, balance and the harmony. between the handle and the ultra sharp Hard and flexible blade. Allow you to make perfect cuts in any thickness you want. minimizes your wrist tension and ensures easy movement. so your palm and wrist will not fatigue even after prolonged use. No matter your hand size or where you grip the unique handle provides you a secure grip and comfortable use.
SANTOKU MEANS VIRTUES FOR YOUR COOKING TASKS. THE JAPANESE KNIFE DESIGN STYLE. MAKE IT CONVENIENT TO USE EVEN IN NARROW OR CROWDED PLACES IN THE KITCHEN. - During your cooking you use it as a Mincing, Cutting, Pairing, Slicing, Chopping knife. for all kinds of Meat, Fish, Vegetable, Fruit, Bread and else. You do it more easy, safe and faster, than using another cooking knife. You can use it as a sashimi, nakiri, sushi knife also.
IT'S SUPER SHARP CHEFS KNIFE AND COMPLETELY SAFE FOR FOOD, ITS RUST RESISTANCE. LONG LASTING SHARPNESS AND EASY TO SHARPEN IN YOUR HOME. - It's made of High Carbon Steel that resists rust, corrosion and discoloration. and stays ultra sharp longer. The 2.4 mm thin and sturdy blade of GOYNANA chef knives are hand polished, for the best knife sides shape. with an edge of 13-15 degrees one side. Which is the hallmark of chef knives professional.
CAN BE A PERFECT PRESENT. IT'S A PRESTIGIOUS CHEFS KNIFE, VERY BEAUTIFUL AND IMPRESSIVE ITEM. PACKED IN A LUXURIOUS STORAGE BOX. - The special dots and waves pattern on the blade are beautiful and particularly. The new modern handle Ebony wooden finish, provides more beauty and durability. This Damascus Santoku knife comes in a Premium Dark Grey gift box. making it ideal as a useful gift for chefs, friends, culinary students. birthdays, Christmas, weddings, mother's or father's day and more.
100% SATISFACTION and WARRANTY or FULL MONEY BACK GUARANTEE - Try it, we know you will love it and your hands be happy to cooking with or we will buy it back from you, no questions asked! Purchas this GOYNANA Santoku Kitchen Knife today by clicking ""Add To Cart"" above, Thank you"

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from tight grained, X50CrMoV15 German Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it strength and function. Hand sharpened to a 16-degree angle per side.
Well balanced 5.5"" handle and 8"" blade with HRC 58 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
This chef’s knife is the ultimate, all-purpose knife you’ll use every day. Use it for chopping, slicing, dicing and mincing just about any ingredient.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

Unique Serbian KnifeThis Meat cleaver applies absolute best materials and hammered manually with experienced craft. Countless times of quenching and cold forging makes the steel structure denser, the composition uniform and the impurities reduced. Compared with kitchen knives made in mechanical ways, the service life of such knives are much longer. Unique forging marks makes every knife you own is special.
Multi-functional Serbian Meat CleaverThick back and thin edge make this chinese cleaver razer sharp. Due to the wide and large blade, this kitchen cleaver is Perfect for Cutting, Chopping, Slicing, Cleaving Meats, small Bone, vegetable, and fruits, easily to re-sharpen, clean. This household butcher knife is a great partner with any professional chef, farm using or home cutlery. It's going to be a excellent gift for any home or professional kitchen cook.
 Steady BolsterTapered bolster provides a perfect balance linking the blade and the handle, with a finger protection and comfortable pinch grip. The surface of the bolster is more feels like matte texture, which can increase the friction while using, it's much safer.
Seamless and Durable Pakkawood HandleOur Serbian Meat Cleaver knife is made of Pakkawood. Pakkawood produces a very dense product that is waterproof.This material holds up well in our knife handle, especially those exposed to wet and adverse environments. Seamless connection between blade and handle makes the knife more sturdy and durable, it won't break or remain food residue easily.
BEST PRESENTKITORY kitchen knives are well packaged in an elegant gift box, which is very suitable as a gift to parents and friends on kinds of festivals, such as Mother's Day, Father's Day, Thanksgiving Day, Black Friday, Christmas day, New Year, birthday, etc."

Set includes: 2-1/2-inch peeling knife, 4-3/4-inch utility knife, 6-inch boning knife, 6-inch utility knife, 9-inch bread knife, 9-inch chefs knife, 9-inch knife sharpener and wooden block
The blades are hand-sharpened and come with a quality label
The grayish colored knife block perfectly suits the elegance of the knives
Ergonomic handles for a firm and safe grip"

HIGHEST GRADE CARBON STEEL : Misono uses Swedish carbon steel, considered to be one of the purest form of carbon steel.
HAND FORGED : Misono has professionals in Sakai city hammer the carbon steel sheets to strengthened the steel exactly like traditional Japanese knives. This carefully made line are decorated with an elegant dragon engraving on the face of the chef knives and slicers in the Swedish Carbon line.
RAZOR SHARP BUT ONE MUST TAKE CARE OF THEIR KNIVES : Carbon knives are non stain resistant
MULTI-PURPOSE : The gyutou is a versatile chef's knife. It can be used for cutting meat, fish and vegetables, making it suitable for preparing Western cuisine. Lightweight and thin, Japanese chef knives have a sharper blade and maintain their sharpness longer than most other chef knives.
EXCEPTIONAL SHARPNESS : 70:30 Asymmetrical bevel. By concentrating the sharpening on the face of the blade at a steeper angle than on the back, a thin cutting edge is created that approaches the sharpness of a traditional Japanese single edged design."

KNIFE FEATURES - The professional nakiri knife with olive handle has a knife length of 14.4-inch and a blade length of 6.9-inch.
RAZOR SHARP KNIFE: Thanks to VG10 Damascus steel, a blade hardness of 60±2 HRC is achieved. The professional kitchen knife is & remains extra sharp. The hammer finish gives the blade a very special look.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE - Best balanced Nakiri knife best tools for larger vegetable which are often difficult to cut, like sweet potatoes or butternut squash. With ergonomically shaped olive wood handle for fatigue-free work in the kitchen.
PERFECT GIFT: For yourself or friends, man or woman who love to cook and with heart and passion conjure a special dish.
WITH LUXURIOUS WOODEN GIFT BOX - Thanks to the precious packaging, the knife can be given directly as a gift and is a great joy for every ambitious cook!"

Design Purity. A collection of stunningly designed, all-steel knives, offering a minimalist aesthetic with unobtrusive beauty. The less is more approach to this series’ design ensures a perfect pairing with any decor, while the razor sharp German made ThyssenKrupp x50crmov15 blade steel at 58+ Rockwell delivers exceptional performance. Painstakingly hand sharpened to 16-18 degrees per side, maintaining the perfect balance between ultra-thin slicing and maximum resilience.
A Single Piece of Razor Sharp Steel. A seamless and sleek transition from the blade to a high-chromium stainless steel handle characterizes the knives with an aggressive, forward moving stance. The sharply drawn lines forming the profile of each knife are indicative of modern design, while the ‘fuller' groove machined into every blade is reminiscent of historical medieval swords, welding the past and present together.
Ultimate Function & Performance. The stylized groove along the knife offers the added benefits of reducing friction and stuck on food, while also subtly lightening the knife and improving balance. Full tang blade for added strength and robustness. Beautifully hand polished to a satin finish, with a tapered design for for hardness and flexibility. Precisely tempered for resilience with a polished spine to facilitate a comfortable pinch grip.
Included is the 'Dalstrong Scabbard', a beautifully designed, hand-crafted blade sheath with engraved magnet to hold the knife securely in place. A smart and stylish way to protect your blades and fingers. Like a modern version of the medieval, steel-clad knight, the Crusader Series knife is a strikingly pure tool, ready and waiting to be your champion in culinary battle. National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) certified.
See why thousands of professional chefs and home cooks love and trust the DALSTRONG DIFFERENCE. 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it!"

Use Shun Cutlery’s Bird’s Beak Knife to carve intricate designs into vegetables and fruits; create culinary masterpieces with expert precision using the Bird’s Beak Knife’s sharp blade
Smaller than a normal paring knife, the Shun Classic Bird’s Beak Knife’s compact size allows for easy maneuverability when carving, peeling, slicing, coring, cutting, and paring
The Bird’s Beak Knife features Shun's proprietary VG-MAX stainless steel clad with 68 layers of Damascus stainless steel for a razor-sharp edge, incredible edge retention, and striking beauty
Ebony PakkaWood handle provides a comfortable grip for easy manipulation of the Bird’s Beak knife
2.5-inch is the perfect size for making the delicate cuts needed to create amazing garnishes or accomplish tricky tournée cuts"

Full length: 33 cm (8 inch),Blade length: 20.5 cm,Blade width: 4.8 cm (The widest point),Blade thickness: 2.0 mm,Net weight: 200 g
Hardness : 59 HRC.Material : VG10 Damascus steel.
Handle: Hand solidified wooden handles,Hard, heat resistant, beautiful,Each handle is unique.
Characteristics : sharp and durable; Super anti rust; Light energy.Other: With Knife Sheath + Gift Box
!! Note: Our product handles are shipped randomly！"

A true warrior never dies. The Valhalla Series are a collection of precision-forged, ultra-sharp, and wear-resistant knives with godlike performance that will withstand the test of time. Crafted of premium materials with a look and feel that can only be described as divine, you’ll reach for these sublimely designed knives time and time again.
The Valhalla Series 8” Chef Knife is the flagship of this premium series, a high-performing kitchen workhorse perfect for every culinary challenge you face.
Forged from a single-piece, high carbon steel at 60+ Rockwell hardness and hand-sharpened to a savage 8-12 degrees per side, the full-tang blade will channel all your might with every slice.
The celestial resin handle — reinforced with stabilized wood and a stainless steel bolster — feels sturdy and turns heads with its rugged and gorgeous design. Complete with a Valhalla-embossed leather sheath, you can keep your knife protected on the go or stashed in a drawer.
Dalstrong Trust: Rocksolid 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Renowned Dalstrong customer service. See why chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Dalstrong Difference'. Dalstrong luxury packaging. Now you are slicing with POWER. Dalstrong POWER!"

7-inch Kuro Series Santoku Knife, 6.5-inch Kuro Series Nakiri Knife and 5-inch Kuro Series Utility Knife"

Material: blade / Damascus steel, pattern / laminated wood strengthening, cap / stainless steel
Country of origin: Japan
Blade length: 150mm"

Full Tang Razor Sharp Blade Our cleaver blade is forged from premium high-carbon Steel and heat treated to 60+HRC with excellent corrosion resistance and wear resistance. Hand-polished 12°per side of edge makes blade ultra sharp, and helps you cutting smoothly with ease. Seamless Full-Tang design which is different from general chef knife welding handle, will not break after long-term use. Unique 65°on the top is passed multi-channel composite processes for fine grinding and durability.
Multipurpose Forged CleaverMasterfully elegant, perfectly balanced, razor sharp and with exceptional performance, our 7” cleaver knife is a forged high quality kitchen knife. Blade is forged and sharpen manually by Chinese experienced workers, which make life span of our cleaver is longer. With the unique cutting angle on the top, the versatile kitchen knife requires minimal effort for your daily use like Cleaving Meats, Chopping, Slicing, Dicing and Cutting Vegetables.
Ergonomic Pear Wood Handle with Copper RivetsOur cleaver knife is made of natural pear wood , which has excellent anti-corrosive performance and is durable and easy to clean.The ergonomic handle provides non-slip and comfortable grip, enhancing the hand held touch to make our knife easy to hold, so you will not feel tired for using a long time. Triple riveted copper in the handle not only looks great, but feels great in your hand.
Particular DesignHand forged cleaver knife is well designed with beautiful and practical liner, the superbly balanced and the weight simply makes the cutting more pleasure and powerful. Classic Forged Texture looks advance and beautiful. Our cleaver knife with a hang buckle in the handle is convenient to hang on the wall and save kitchen space. Beside, due to the high carbon content of forged knives that is easy to rust, please pay attention to clean the knives.
100% SATISFACTION WARRANTYKITORY is committed to providing the consumer with the absolute best price and value on our entire line of products, which we ensure by applying a rigorous quality control process. Please feel free to contact us if you have any problems about the product, we will solve your questions in 24h.With the luxury packing it is also the wise choice as a cooking gift for culinary students, home cooks, professional chefs and more."

YOU WILL NOTICE THE DIFFERENCE IMMEDIATELY : 7.0 oz well weighted chef’s knife with comfort handles requires minimal effort when chopping, slicing, dicing or mincing. Ergonomically designed handles are comforte and minimize wrist tension.
HAND SHARPENED AND READY TO USE - You will be surprised at how sharp the knives are. Try to cut a piece of paper. Hand hammered 12 degree blade edge makes slicing meat, chicken, steak, and sushi / sashimi feel like slicing butter.
PREMIUM AUS-10 HIGH CARBON STEEL BLADE : Sandwiched with 66 layers of softer steel, Features a high level of rust-resistance and long-lasting performance which featuring a lasered stunning pattern on the blade. The steel is precisely processed with vacuum heat treatment and nitrogen cooling treatment, reaching the high hardness at 62+/-2 HRC and great edge retention.
A KITCHEN KNIFE FOR EVERY TASK: Every kitchen needs a versatile knife. With an extra-wide and slightly curved blade, this chef’s knife is just right for cutting, slicing, mincing, dicing, cubing and more everyday jobs. Well suited to professional chefs as well as home cooks.
RISK FREE 100% MONEY BACK GUARANTEE - LIFETIME WARRANTY against manufacturing defects. We are confident that beginners, culinary students, home cooks, and even accomplished fine dining chefs will be completely satisfied with the extraordinary craftsmanship of our knives. Zelite knives were made to last for generations."

Ergonomic Non- Slip Handles, Modern And Innovative Design Resistant, Light And Hygiene.
Perfect For Use In Home, Kitchen And Hotel Or Restaurant.
Made From High Quality Material.
Made In Spain."

Highly Vulnerable to RUST. It may rust within few hours. Please read precautions before buying.
Offered by GladiatorsGuild for kitchen, Camping & Hunting consisting of wood or bone handle
Custom or Hand made damascus steel kitchen knife set having a piece of black horn at the end of handle
TO PROTECT YOUR DAMASCUS KITCHEN KNIFES SET, BE SURE TO CLEAN WITH A CLOTH & APPLY VEGETABLE OIL AFTER EACH USE. DON'T LET IT WET FOR LONG TIME. STORE IT OILED ALL THE TIME."

Material: 18/10 Stainless Steel
Dishwasher Safe
Imported"

XYJ BrandStarted in 1986, XYJ knives feature high quality, exceptional sharpness, simple design, great balance and good practicality. Following ergonomics and mechanical levers principles, we greatly improve customers’ cutting experience. XYJ knives are terrific all-rounders designed for climbing, fishing, outdoors, kitchen cooking, etc. A practical knife designed for various tasks, and get your job done quickly. XYJ amazing go-to knife, explore your journey now!
Multifunction Kitchen Knife Stainless steel chef knife is a multifunction cutlery knife, which is designed for professional applications, suitable for cutting, dicing, slicing, chopping with vegetables, fruit, meat and bone, adding satisfaction and enjoyment of kitchen experience.
Full Tang Wooden Handle Ergonomic Full Tang handle can prevent the blade comfortable to grip and non-slip effect. The kitchen cleaver butcher knife is a great beauty, impeccable performance this strong design with a good strength, durability.
Unique Knife Sheath & Gift Box This cooking knife set comes with knife sheath and Gift Box, the sheath is use to protect your knife blade and finger, and the knife box carry case is a good storage organizer to your chef's knife, make it more easy and convenient to carry out.
Practical Perfect Gift-A great gift for housewives and people who like kitchen cooking. A high-quality sharp knife is the most important kitchen tool for cooking. Everyone needs this professional chef's knife to cut the food that you like."

High-quality materialsSteak knife set, including 6 steak knives, each knife is made of a whole piece of high-quality stainless steel from the tip of the knife to the end of the handle, forming a true knife body,Perfect design plus excellent craftsmanship and technical polishing, beautiful, strong and durable, Stain free, Serrated edge,can be used with confidence, to ensure safer use.
wood handlewood handle, streamlined design fits the palm, inlaid with 3 rivets, hand-polished, excellent grip, no slippage, no freezing hands, easy to operate. Sharp jagged edges and wooden handles keep it natural and food safe.
Easy maintenanceIt can be cleaned by hand and dishwasher. To maintain the service life of knives, it is recommended to wash by hand. After cleaning, immediately dry with a towel or paper towel. This steak knife is essential for professional and amateur chefs. It makes you different.
Various occasions: This steak knife is suitable for dinner, barbecue party, family party and daily use. It is very suitable for dinner knife, fruit knife, tableware knife, kitchen knife. Our steak knife set is also the perfect gift for your family and friends' wedding, birthday, housewarming, and Thanksgiving.
100% support We are committed to improving your cooking experience. Our aim: 100% satisfied customers. If you are not satisfied with our knife, you can apply for a refund within 30 days and get a full refund."

HIGHEST QUALITY: Extra sharp damascus knife / professional knife with blade of Japanese damascus steel, blade hardness: 60±2HRC
PERFECT SIZE: 11-inch length, blade 7-inch –Damascus steel Vg-10 sharp professional Santoku kitchen knife perfect for professional cooking and hobby cooking.
PERFECT GIFT: For yourself or friends who love to cook and with heart and passion conjure a special dish. It is perfect for slicing, dicing, chopping, and mincing of fruits, vegetables, bonesless meats, and fish.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE: Perfectly balanced and with ergonomically shaped handle is designed for comfort and control. Made of Mikata (wood composite, very robust) for fatigue-free working.
WITH GIFT BOX: for safe storage of the Santoku knife, secure storage and perfectly rounded look from the Wakoli Mikata series"

 A MEAT LOVER'S DELIGHT – This Serbian Chef Knife brings all the character and utility a home chef needs. From its incredibly unique looks forged in fire by hand, to its razor sharp blade that’s ready-to-use out of the box, This full tang knife makes all cutting, chopping, and slicing tasks a stylish breeze. This is the Ideal chef's knife / cleaver knife for meat cutting .
 SUPERIOR TO STAINLESS STEEL – Each meat cleaver is made using high-carbon steel. This type of steel far surpasses stainless steel in both durability and sharpness. To maintain this blade, dry it after each wash with a towel and use the included cloth to apply a thin food oil layer to prevent rusting. This meat knife is a must have in every chef knives collection.
 EACH CLEAVER A UNIQUE WORK OF ART – Being forged in fire by hand means that each cleaver comes with a unique, natural & genuine patina that makes your cooking knife knife one-of-a-kind. There’s no two alike, and that is thanks to the age-old Chinese techniques still used in the hand-forging process of these blades.
 PERFECTLY BALANCED & RAZOR SHARP – Right out of the box, you’ll notice how sharp and well-balanced each Serbian Chef chopping Knife is. With a full tang covered by high-end pakkawood, the handle measures 4.7” while the blade size comes in at 7” creating an 11.7” big knife - butcher knife for meat cutting that is pure chopping bliss.
 GIFT-READY WITH LIFETIME WARRANTY – Kitchen Perfection believes this cleaver kitchen knife will become an heirloom that will stay in your family for years and be passed on to future generations. That’s why your purchase is double-covered by our Lifetime Warranty & a 60-Day Money Back Guarantee. This meat cleaver knife / carbon steel knife is the ideal gift for men / gift for dad"

MATERIAL:18/0 stainless steel,13/0 for knives with micro-serrated blade and beautiful elegant handles, the thickness is 0.06 in (1.5 mm)
MULTIPURPOSE: Ideal for everyday use, dinner/salad/pasta, entertaining or as a gift for Birthday, Easter Day, Mother's Day, Father's Day, or kitchen presents for hostess. Truly functional, sturdy and gorgeous
AFTER USE: Dishwasher safe but hand wash recommended. Nicely weighted and balanced for your hands
LAGUIOLE DESIGN: Laguiole is not a registered trademark. The word Laguiole is a generic term, not legally restricted to any single company or place of manufacture
ORIGINAL PLACE: Items are produced by the factory in China, whose facility with the reputable Global Manufacturer Certificate (GMC). What we offer are not expensive ones, but absolutely the value set with reliable quality at a reasonable price. Thank you!"

Japan Import"

Thirty-four layers of stainless Damascus cladding surround the high-carbon VG-MAX core of this hardworking, small knife blade.
The beautifully modern, D-shaped, blonde PakkaWood handle encases the full composite tang blade, reducing unwanted rotation and improving grip for right and left-handed chefs alike.
One of the most essential knives in the Western chef's kitchen, Shun's Japanese-made knife features a short, sharp blade for peeling, coring, trimming, and more.
Handcrafted in Japan this kitchen knife is ground and honed to a razor sharp 16-degree edge out of the box. It’s balanced immediately forward of the bolster for increased precision and injury prevention when used in hand.
Santoku, nakiri, boning, slicing, or steak - Shun blades glide through food when used in a back-and-forth or rocking motion that applies some force parallel to what's being cut, letting the edge do the work."

Premium High-Carbon Stainless Steel BladeThis 3.5 Inch paring knife is made from the high quality German stainless steel, with an exceptional and enduring razor sharp edge for ultimate precision and performance in the kitchen.
Multipurpose Paring KnifeThis paring knife with satisfying heft is ideal for chopping, slicing, peeling, dicing and mincing for vegetables and fruit. Greatly improve your cooking efficiency in the kitchen.
Classic Fruit KnifeThe special waved pattern blade is particularly striking, The blade is hand polished to a satin finish revealing a stunning look, Luxury imported pakkawood handles offers optimum comfort, control, and agility.
Stunningly durable and sharpA sharp knife means more control and less slippage when you cut, with safer, more consistent slices. The blade of this 3.5'' paring knife is hand polished that precisely achieves 11-12 degrees per side.
100% Satisfaction And Money Back GuaranteeDfito provides maximum customer satisfaction. We offer 100% SATISFACTION and MONEY BACK policy against any defects, buy with risky free. For any problems, please contact us and we will reply you immediately to solve all your worries."

Brilliant 3.5"" Paring Knife- Tuo Damascus paring knife is perfect for smaller kitchen tasks such as cutting, slicing and peeling vegetables and fruits, providing extraordinary artistic creativity and incomparable cutting performance.
Japanese AUS-10D Damascus Steel- Ring-RC Series knives are made of Japanese AUS-10 Damascus high carbon stainless steel , the hardness in HRC can be up to 62. The AUS-10 blade ensures this sharp paring knife with a high level of rust-resistance, wear-resistance and long-lasting performance.
12-15°Per Side Sharp Paring Blade - The mercilessly sharp blade was painstakingly honed by many experienced craftsmen. No tearing or squishing, only Ruthless Efficiency while using our RING-RC paring knife.
Ergonomic G10 Handle- With ultra-premium G10 Handle, this knife will bring you a superior hand control, agility and comfort. Never fatigue because of prolonged use caused to the palm or wrist. Ideal for those who frequently use knives.
TUO 100% Trust- TUO CUTLERY promises you 100% SATISFACTION and MONEY BACK GUARANTEE. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defects in materials and workmanship. Try it free risk."

The best combination of knives: three-piece peeling set-suitable for your outdoor processing tools; nine-piece kitchen set-your most commonly used kitchen tools; nine-piece BBQ set is your best barbecue partner.
Material: These BOLEXINO knives are built with Japanese high-quality stainless steel and feature razor-sharp blades to complete a particular task flawlessly. Moreover, the firm handles ensure a tight grip and excellent balance for a comfortable experience in the kitchen or outdoor.
Application: The BOLEXINO BBQ set comes with a convenient carrying bag, ideal for toting blades to the grill, restaurant, bar, cafe, cooking school, picnic, Vacuumation home, catering site, reception, reunion and more.
Easy to clean: The entire set packs into our canvas roll-up case for safe transportation.The surface of the knife is mirror-polished, and the surface is smooth and easy to clean. Wipe quickly with a damp sponge and then dry with a soft cloth.
After- Sale Service: 365 Days Warranty and Guarantee. with a qualified after-sale service team, all questions will be solved in 24 hours."


The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece, hot-drop hammer forged, which produces the strongest blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 57-58.
The three-step, 15 degree “Elite” edge is hand stropped on a cloth wheel, creating the sharpest possible cutting surface on an edged tool.
The bolsterless heel simplifies all cutting, sharpening & honing tasks, making use of the entire blade from heel to tip.
Handcrafted in the historic cutlery capital of Solingen, Germany.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

Features: knife construction: VG-1 Japanese steel for exceptional sharpness and ultimate edge retention; Key performance: exceptional sharpness, rigidity and edge retention; hand wash
Blade: Clad with 33 stainless steel layers for distinctive style, exceptional rigidity and rust-resistance; Traditional blade shapes enhanced for ease of use and precision
Bolster: Integrated bolster design provides secure, comfortable grip; Offers increased control; Encourages proper technique; Facilitates full blade involvement for smooth, efficient slicing
Handles: Patented, ergonomic polyresin, contoured for comfort and balanced for control and precision; Will not chip, crack or peel"

Exclusive Japanese chef knife – the ZHEN meat chopping knife will outperform any other knives in your kitchen! Extremely satisfying to hear that slice and chop as your knife glides effortlessly through poultry bones or hard vegetables.
Perfect balance – pro-chefs and home cooks alike experience pure joy from the perfectly balanced design. The ZHEN cleaver knife feels like it was custom made for you. The full tang handle and non-slip grip allow you to slice with total precision and ease.
Exceptionally sharp edge – be the Guru in your kitchen, with a butcher knife designed for the toughest cooking tasks. Made with 3 layers of Japanese forged high carbon steel including a veg-10 steel cutting core, HRC 60-62 hardness.
ZHEN for your kitchen - we have dedicated 30 years to crafting knives using the latest technology combined with Enduring Japanese knife making techniques. The result is exceptionally sharp knives that will become a family heirloom.
Lifetime - Lifetime against manufacturer defects. Blade length x width x Thickness: 8 inches x 4 inches x 3. 5 millimeters; net Weight 0. 74 pound. Used by world-class Japanese chefs, you can now experience that same sophistication in your own kitchen!"

Professional Paring Knife: 3.5 inches paring knife made of German high carbon stainless steel HRC 56±2, ergonomic handle and razor sharp blade edge. It has superb hardness, flexibility, and can be used for a long time.
High Quality German Steel: The material is a stainless steel high carbon German, wear and rust. It will not break easily and is particularly convenient to clean, it’s a perfect gift for the chef.
Comfortable Ergonomic Handle: Compared with wooden or plastic handle, the non-slip resin handle has a full tang to add balance and weight, offers kitchen knives superior strength and comfortable grip.
Razor Sharp Blade Edge: The blade of this 3.5'' paring knife is hand polished that precisely achieves 11-12 degrees per side for maximum sharpness and edge retention. The fruit knife cuts easily with effortless ease to fit your peeling and cutting.
100% Satisfaction Guarantee: Our fruit peeling knife is quality guaranteed, don’t hesitate, you will find it is perfect for your kitchen. If you have any questions, please contact us, we will deal with your problem within 12 hours."

Razor-sharp edge and recurved blade make cutting simple and effortless; fine-grained, durable, high-carbon AUS8A Japanese stainless steel blade for superior strength and corrosion resistance
Handles are expertly crafted from PakkaWood, a genuine hardwood infused with resin, for easy care and moisture resistance; Shima handles are decorated with inlaid steel rondels
Full-tang construction for strength and perfect balance. The slim, flat handle provides lateral stability, ensuring that the knife won’t rotate or twist in your hand.
Much of the flavor in steak is in its juices; Shima’s razor-sharp 16° edge makes a super-clean cut, with no sawing, so more of the juices and more of the flavor stay in the steak
Thinner, lighter, sharper blade edges require fewer strokes to complete a slice; the slim, flat handle provides lateral stability, ensuring that the knife won’t rotate or twist in your hand."

FLAIR: The Klarstein 8-piece Kitano knives set for kitchen unites Japanese cooking culture with the precision of hardened blade steel for cutting-edge cooking
CHOICE: Seven different blade shapes provide you optimal choice for either chopping, deboning, filleting, dicing, and mincing, making it your perfect kitchen knife set!
DESIGN: A streamlined shape takes up minimal space and impresses with a sleek steel accented housing. The set of knives consist of anti-slip handles, giving you a firm grip.
CONTROL: The precision blades of the Klarstein Knife set sit safely- even in small hands thanks to their light weight and ergonomic handles.
QUALITY: Extremely fine sashimi, tender julienne strips or filleted beef medallions – good food made from fresh ingredients requires the best preparation with high-performance knives. A sharp blade prevents water loss during preparation keeping food fresh and delicious."

HIGH END KNIFE SET Professional BLACK HAWK S Kitchen Knife Set included 9'' Bread Knife, 8'' Chef Knife, 7'' Santoku Knife, 6.5'' Nakiri Knife, 5'' Kitchen Utility Knife, 3.5'' Kitchen Paring Knife, Wooden Block. A wonderful Set of kitchen knives for your kitchen task. All our knives have gone through at least 3 checks before shipping it out.
UNIQUE KNIFE BLOCK EASY TO STOREAll knives store safely in the natural wood knife block for space efficient storage. The beautiful BLACK HAWK knife set to completement your kichen,look great among your kitchen. Natural Rubber wood is less prone to bending and deformation, its unique decorativ is popular by more and more people.
HIGH QUALITY KITCHEN KNIFE SET The Full-Tang structure with triple rivets built-in allows even superior resilience and solid durability. The G10 handle is designed for the ergonomic grip with satisfying heft and comfort to the well-balanced vegetable knifes. The mosaic rivet in the middle brings an overall harmony and stunning visuality to the whole piece.
IDEAL FOR ANY BUSY KITCHENFeaturing special-forged high-carbon German stainless steel with a precise vacuum heat-treatment and nitrogen cryogenic tempering, it ensures you the superb hardness, flexibility, and lasting performance. High quality has never looked so good at this price.
100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEEWe promise a superior product that will give you a lifetime of exemplary service, try it risk-free, we know you'll love it! Comes with a premium gift box,it is the best choice for as gift, the high-value performance never look so good!"

 PREMIUM JAPANESE STEEL: Built from lightweight and razor sharp Japanese steel, Knifesharks 8” Chef Knife combines the best features from both Western and Japanese-style blades. This versatile multi-purpose knife can tackle any cutting task and technique. Crafted from tougher Japanese steel, these knives can go longer between sharpenings and maintain its polish and sharpness straight out of the box.
 MULTI-PURPOSE: Whether you need to delicately slice through ribbons of basil or plowing through rough-and-tough butternut squash, Knifesharks Chef Knife got you covered. It's the quintessential, versatile, performance knife that does an ace job of blitzing parsley into dust, dicing onions or deboning a chicken. Get Knifesharks Chef Knife and experience the difference!
 PERFECTLY BALANCED. This multi-purpose chef knife incorporates a sloped bolster that travels gradually onto the blade, which allows a proper “pinch grip” for better comfort, control and grip. Slice and dice onions, vegetables, and proteins with ease.
 FORGED STEEL. The Chef Knife is forged, not stamped. We put the knife through an intense forging process to create a bolster and reinforce its strength. The weight was made to balance the blade and handle. It’s not just a pretty face - the Chef Knife aesthetic design handle gives you a heft, comfy, ergonomic grip for meal preps in the kitchen.
 SATISFACTION GUARANTEED. We’re so confident that you’ll love our Premium Japanese Steel Steak Knives that we guarantee your purchase or your money back. We dare you to test our knives against the other brands out there. Challenge accepted?"

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from tight grained, X50CrMoV15 German Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it strength and function. Hand sharpened to a 16-degree angle per side.
Well balanced 4.75"" handle and 7"" blade with HRC 58 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
This vegetable Cleaver, also know as a Nakiri is great for push cuts, slicing and dicing vegetables, mincing herbs and cutting fruit or cheese.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

Multifunctional Knife:Patented design knives that focuses on ergonomics handle that easy and comfortable grip.Suitable for cutting, dicing, slicing, chopping and also removing flesh off bones. Cutting like a master chef will add to your kitchen experience.
Professional Knife Set: Includes 8"" chef's, 8"" bread,8""Carving,7"" santoku,7""Nakiri,6"" Filleting, 5"" utility,3.5"" paring. *Whether you're a master cook or a newbie, our cooking tools will help you Cook Faster, Easier & Cleaner, and have a great time doing it!
Extremely Sharp Blade :Stainless steel blade with high-carbon - The professional 8 inch chef's knife is made from high-quality stainless steel. And to boost its sturdiness, the steel contains 0.6%-0.75% carbon, making it two times as hard as other knives in its class as they contain just 0.3% carbon.HRC56- 58 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
Ergonomic RESIN Handle:Solid Resin wood block works with the knives tastefully, every block is hand crafted and has its own unique grain.
BEAUTIFUL PATTERN: The special waved pattern blade is particularly and strikingly (NOT real Damascus).With a exquisite Gift Box is very suitable as a gift to parents and friends on kinds of festivals, such as Mother's Day, Father's Day、Thanksgiving Day、Black Friday、Christmas day、New Year、Easter Day、Halloween、birthday, etc."

Professional Chef Knife Set  Japnese Damascus Steel Set includs 8""chef's, 6""Nakiri, 3.5' paring, 8"" bread , 7""santoku, 5"" Utility, 6""boning and Wood Block Knife Set
Best QualityKnives Set crafted of premium Japanese vg10 67 layers steel for excellent edge retention An ultra sharp vg-10V Japanese super steel cutting core at 62 Rockwell hardness extraordinary performance and edge retention.The blades have been professionally graded down with the finest block materials. The cutting is just smooth as cutting butter whether your cutting through steaks, chicken, pork, doing sashimi style cuts, fine cute, dice cuts or any other types.
 New Design - Knife Block SetThe minimalist structure provides reliable protection and space for tools. The transparent design helps to circulate air, keep the surface of the tool dry, ""Hollow out"" Design, Ventilated and dry Knife Block Made of North American FAS grade black walnut wood，the style is mature and the material is thick.Multi-slot design to meet different specifications of the knives sets
Premium Wood Handle188 Days Hand-Forged Surface white shadow wood handle .real solid wood handles in your hands, very accurate to the touch and the knives themselves are an art of craftsmanship.Ergonomically designed handles to ensure a secure and comfortable grip! Extreme comfort, perfect balance!
WARRANTYOffering lifetime quality and satisfaction guarantee and 24 Hrs dedicated email customer support. Our Chef Japanese Damscus Steel knives are ideal Multipurpose cutlery gift Christmas, Weddings, Birthdays, Fathers Day, Mothers Day for Kitchen & Home cooks, professional chef’s, culinary students and more. Make life easier and more comfortable best Knife set gifts for professionals chefs knives sets"


Professional Boning KnifeThis knife has a special blade, which is long and narrow, and has only a slight curve from heel to belly to glide cleanly along the bone. Because of its flexible nature, it's very easy to maneuver around small bones, so you can use it to boning leg of lamb, trimming brisket, separating ribs from pork loin, or even skinning or breaking down a whole chicken! This flexible fillet knife is a good choice for kitchen, barbecue, camping, hunting or hiking.
Superb Raw MaterialRITSU boning knife is made of German forged steel. From vacuum heating treatment, nitrogen cryogenic tempering to hand honing, each chefs knife goes through at least 50 steps to gain strength, and engineer to perfection at 55±2 Rockwell hardness and hand polished to a satin finish. The knife blade is painstakingly hand sharpened to 13° per side, maintaining the perfect balance between ultra-thin slicing and maximum tenacity for smooth cutting.
Ergonomically G10 HandleThe blade of this slicing knife for meat cutting is integrated with a 7.5"" length solid G10 handle, which is constructed from Military-Grade FIBREGLASS. The ergonomic shape enables the right balance between the handle and the thin blade, help minimize tension at the wrist and provides a sure grip and easy handling even when wet, making it safer and more efficient.
Double-Edged Blade DesignSo that this 6 inch boning knife is suitable for both left-handed and right-handed people. Each side is processed with transparent paint technology to extend the using life. The oxidation coating makes the surface non-sticky, easy to clean.
Elegant gift box & LIFETIME serviceRITSU flexible boning knife comes with an exquisite magnetic gift box and covers. It will be the perfect gift for family and friends on birthdays, anniversaries, Thanksgiving, or Christmas. In addition, we provides 24-hour after-sales, free replacement and lifetime service to ensure 100% satisfaction. Try RISTU chef's knives series now!"

Kurouchi translates as “Black-Forged” and this unique style of forging offers a characteristic look and an unpolished rustic aesthetic finish to the blade. With a HRC of 62-63, the core of Blue Steel #2 is prized for its high edge retention and provides an extremely sharp edge that is able to maintain its sharpness over extended period of time. The Kurouchi Stainless Cladding allows the blade to be more forgiving to moisture while still having superior edge retention and sharpness intact.
Our Yoshihiro Kurouchi Stainless Clad Knives are clad in 2 layers of full Kurouchi stainless steel that provides durability and protection without sacrificing its sharp cutting edge. Traditional Kurouchi knives will always be made out of highly reactive carbon steel but this knife is exceptional in that the Kurouchi finish is on the Stainless Cladding which is a new development in modern metallurgy and is highly rare and difficult to forge.
The most versatile and one of the most popular knives that a cook can have today is a Japanese all-purpose chefs knife known as a Santoku knife. Santoku is Japanese for three virtues referring to the shape of the blade which comprises aspects of the traditional vegetable knife , Usuba, and Gyuto in one knife making it a favorite among chefs and cooks everywhere.
Proudly made in Japan and not mass produced. This knife is complimented with a traditional Japanese Wa-style handcrafted Octagonal Handle that is lightweight and ergonomically welds to the hand for seamless use. An optional and recommended protective wooden sheath called a Saya can be purchased together, which protects the knife and adds to its appearance when not in use. Every knife from Yoshihiro is handcrafted by master artisans creating a unique one-of-a-kind work of art.
Traditional Japanese knife making values a sharp edge, which requires attention and care. Sharpening and honing should be done with only water whetstones. Hand wash and dry only, and do so immediately if working with acidic ingredients. Do not use on objects such as bones, nutshells, and frozen foods. Carbon steel can oxidize if not properly maintained. Keep dry and oil regularly to prevent oxidation along the knife's edge."

Professional chefs knife: This multifunctional chef knife with super sharp edges and perfect curvature(10-15°per side) meets all the chef's requirements for the knife. The razor-sharp forged edge can hold its sharpness for a long lifetime and makes slicing meat, chicken, steak, and sushi / sashimi feel like slicing butter. The well weighted Chefs Knife with rounded handles requires minimal effort whether you’re chopping, slicing, dicing or mincing.
VG10 Damascus Steel knife: This chef knife features an ultra sharp VG10 Vacuum Heat Treated Japanese super steel cutting core at 62+ Rockwell hardness: extraordinary performance and edge retention. 66 layers of premium high-carbon stainless steel layers ensure exceptional strength, durability and stain resistance. Minimal Slicing Resistance.
Durable G10 handle for pro chefs: The ultra-premium G-10 handle of the Japanese Damascus Chef Knife, which is designed for superior control, agility and comfort, has gone through special treatment, making it extremely impervious to heat, moisture, cold with military grade strength and life-long sturdiness. Even if you use this chefs knife for a long time, you won't feel tired and uncomfortable no matter your hand size or where you grip.
Perfect Gift: Damascus chef knife is not only sharp, but the decoration is also world class. Stunning Fish-bone pattern surface makes your cooking moment to be the most enjoyable time in life. This is a wonderful gift for Home Cooks, Professional Chefs, Culinary Students and collection(Christmas, Weddings, Birthdays, Mother’s Day, Father’s Day).
QUALITY Guarantee: 100% satisfaction or money back for the Chef Knives. Try it risk free. Superior Chef Knives that will give you a lifetime of exemplary service. We are committed to providing our customers with quality knives and friendly service."

PERFECT FOR ALL CUTTING TASKSFlamingos symbolize beauty, balance, confidence and grace. The FLAMINGO SERIES perfect balance between blade and blade, Laser damascus pattern blade and comfortable bright-colored handle create our knives both beautiful and practical.  8 inch chef knife is suitable for cutting bread, vegetables, fillets or meats. This sharp knife is also suitable for home and professional use. Cutting like a master chef will bring you more joy in the kitchen!
PEAK PERFORMANCERuthlessly sharp edge is handcrafted by experienced knife smiths to a mirror polish at 8-12° double side using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method. The blade of chef knife is made of German HC stainless steel with 56±2 hardness. The razor sharp cutting edge allows you to cut foods effortlessly（Note: Blade is a proper stainless color and doesn't be painted black.)
EXQUISITE LASER DAMASCUS PATTERN Laser damascus pattern(not real Damascus) in our paring knife gives off a mystique from its own elegant pattern, toughness, and durability. Has pattern, extremely sharp edge that masterfully slices through fruits and vegetables like butter. Specialized divots minimize adhesion and reduces friction for a more seamless, non-strenuous cutting experience. Please imagine that your kitchen knives have more aesthetic appeal as well as sharpness and durability.
ERGONOMIC DESIGNThe bright-colored pakkawood handle minimizes wrist tension while providing a secure, comfortable grip no matter your hand size or where you grip. Even after prolonged use, your palm and wrist will not fatigue. Ideal for both people who cook frequently and those who just like preparing snacks.
GIFTED & EXCELLENT SERVICEThe chef knife comes in a high-quality black gift box, making it the perfect gift for a mother, father, grandparent or friend in Christmas, Thanksgiving Day, Weddings, Birthdays. Plus, with the knife sheath, young children and other family members will be protected from injury. We KITORY guarantee lifetime free replacement. So you don’t have to wonder if you are risking your money. Please feel free to contact us with any questions."

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, Swedish Sandvik 14C28N Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. 2018 Red Dot Award Winner, German Design Award Winner and Housewares design finalist. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. Holds an edge up to 5 times longer than German Steel.
Set Includes: 8"" chef's knife, 8"" bread knife, 7"" santoku knife, 6"" boning knife, 5"" serrated utility knife, 5"" tomato knife, 3.5"" paring knife, 2.75"" peeling knife, 6 x 5"" straight-edge steak knives, 8"" honing steel, 9"" 2-piece Shears and a solid walnut wood block that houses each knife perfectly.
A set of quality knives is the foundation of any kitchen. Whether it’s deboning a chicken or peeling an apple, this professional-grade set contains the knives necessary for completing any kitchen task. Also includes set of 6 steak knives.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

SUPERIOR MATERIALS: Qin Dynasty Series Cutlery is made by high carbon German steel with the manufacture by senior artisan supervising. It has remarkable sharpness, high-grade rustproof and the reliable durability, give you a professional and classic kitchen experience.
SAFETY AND STUNNING DESIGN: Ergonomics handle design, gives you a comfortable and freely feeling when you cutting , slitting , paring and chopping. And the special polished crafts showing a gorgeous shining blade. It will be the perfect piece in your kitchen.
PRODUCT SIZE: The Blade Length:6 inch The Handle Length:5.2 inch
MULTI OCCASIONS: Qin Dynasty Series Cutlery can be use as daily knives or professional kitchen knives, suitable for the home kitchen, restaurant kitchen, outdoor party and any occasions.
COMPREHENSIVE CUSTOMER SERVICE: We have the most comprehensive guarantee policy and our customer service will make sure any problem or dissatisfied will be satisfied within 24 hours."

This utility knife set is made from premium-quality Japanese steel for long-lasting performance
The finely-honed blades are Corrosion-Resistant, And deliver exceptional slicing and cutting
The knife handles are shaped for comfortable grasp, with colorful rubberized grips to provide solid, confident handhold
Each knife includes a sturdy plastic sheath to protect the blade and the edge between uses
Set includes 6-inch Utility knife and 5-inch serrated utility knife"

HAMMERED & BEAUTIFUL: Are you looking for your first Japanese knife or kitchen knife set you made the right choice? Hajegato presents a beautiful Japanese hammered chef knife set at an affordable price for all the inspiring professional chef & home chef out there.
COMFORT & DESIGN: The elegantly designed knives are perfectly balanced with a double bevelled edge, razor-sharp knives with exceptional professional performance with hammered pattern creating air pockets when cutting food, resulting in a non-stick steel surface. Our blade design encouraging the rocking motion cutting style to protect your hands & make easy for many hours of precise cuts eg. filleting knife, carving knife, chopping, meat, raw meat, steaks, fish, vegetable & fruit.
QUALITY: Japanese Knife with a use high carbon Germany 7cr17 stainless steel knife 56-58 hardness, deep vacuum cooling makes it corrosion resistant chefs knives with mirror hand-sharpened edge V Taper Grinding, each side ground 9-11 degree angle which delivers its sharpness with perfect 50/50 balance. this knife set professional come with sheath.
WARRANTY: Our kitchen knives come natural pakka wood handle extremely strong &durable non-slip, high temperature resistance, unbreakable and exquisite. Handle use the human body engineering mechanics seamless design, more stable, robust and a lifetime warranty on manufacturers defects.
Perfect GIFTS : Japanese knives are sharp and world-class, making them ideal Japanese gifts for women, men, Mother's day, Fathers day, home cook, professional chef's culinary art students and more. DON'T cut frozen foods or use as a butchers knife or cleaver. Always use a sharpening stone or diamond steel knife sharpener and Chopping boards."

Sharp Edge & Easy to Cut:As the most important feature for a chef knife,sharpness is the key to perfect cutting experience.The designed double side 15 degree blade edge angle can largely ensure easy cutting.
High toughness & Corrosion resistant:This Gyutou knife is made of 3 layers 9CR18MOV clad steel,which is anti-corrosion and strong enough to endure not only daily use,it can keep sharp after frequently use for a long time.
Wooden Handle & Comfortable Grip:The chef’s knife is with a round wooden handle,that provides comfortable grip and sturdy holding,you won’t get tired or ached even after long cutting.
Double Side Bevel:The blade of this 8 inch chef knife is double side beveled for both right and left handed use.The blade lenghth is 21.2cm and handle length is 13 cm with an overall length of 34 cm,which achieves perfect balance between size,weight,beauty and using experience.
Universally Used Sharp Knife:This kitchen knife can be widely used in multi-applications like chopping,slicing,dicing,mincing for vegetables,fruits and meat."


Made in France by Andre Verdier, founded in 1859. Winner of “Atelier d’Art de France” quality award.
High grate X46Cr13 stainless steel hardened blades. Full tang. Beautiful top of the range mirror finish
Edge works on both sides for better cutting performance. Serration on one side, beveled edge on the other.
Welded bee in accordance with Laguiole tradition, not stamped. ABS handle
For utensils of this quality, we recommend hand wash followed by drying with a soft cloth to maintain its original appearance"


Useful for cutting chopping . full tang durable built hard cutting edge comes with leather sheath
Handmade , Forged Damascus Steel (1095 / 4340)
precise pattern , quality forge
CHOPPER CLEAVER KITCHEN
perfect grip and balance for better cutting .... Hard cutting edge professional cleaver"

STRENGTH & LONGEVITY- Rockwell 62+ rated Japanese Super Steel full tang core encased by high strength stainless steel, imparts maximum toughness and durability. Triple riveting of the blade to the handle ensures permanent bonding.
KAIZEF SAMURAI SHARPNESS - Traditional Japanese Honbazuke Sharpening methods enable sharpening to a very acute 8-12 degrees on each side producing razor sharp blades for an effortless slicing experience.
COMFORTABLE CHEF GRIP – A smooth contoured handle and tapered bolster enable a firm, comfortable, non-slip grip and encourages a professional “pinch grip”. With excellent overall knife balance hand and wrist fatigue is minimized.
STYLE & ELEGANCE – Beautifully hand polished and seamless from tip to end cap makes for a stunning finish. The Japanese Yamato Wave Damascus Pattern is exposed giving a striking traditional mirrored look on the chef knife.
KAIZEF GUARANTEE – Start slicing and dicing like a professional chef today! Kaizef knives come with a no-hassle 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUANANTEE. Plus, we offer LIFETIME WARRANTY against all defects. Trust in our outstanding customer service."

Made in Japan with a VG-MAX high carbon steel core and eye-catching Damascus cladding, the Shun Classic Blonde Bread Knife glides through baguettes and brioche alike.
The beautifully modern, D-shaped, blonde PakkaWood handle encases the full composite tang blade for balance, reducing unwanted rotation and improving grip for both right and left-handed chefs.
This knife is a baker or pastry chef's best friend in the kitchen. The “low-frequency” wave pattern of its design cleanly slices with light pressure. Never again crush, tear, and rip your bread apart with a serrated knife.
Handcrafted in Japan, this kitchen knife is ground and honed to a razor sharp 16-degree edge out of the box. It’s balanced immediately forward of the bolster like most Shun knives for superior handling.
Santoku, nakiri, boning, slicing, or steak – Shun blades glide through food when used in a back-and-forth or rocking motion that applies some force parallel to what's being cut, letting the edge do the work."

VG10 super steel
Authentic thin Japanese blade profile
Hand-honed using the three-step Honbazuke process to a 9.5 to 12 degree edge
Country of origin is Japan"

Total length : 295mm (11.6""), Blade length : 165mm (6.5""), Blade width : 46mm (1.8""), Blade thickness : 1.9mm (0.07"")
Net weight : About 180g
Material Blade : VG-10 Clad Steel Damascus 33 Layers, Handle : Laminated plywood with Bolster"

PROFESSIONAL QUALITY AND RAZOR-SHARP - The cutting blade is made from AUS-10 steel. AUS-10 is 58-61 HRC (Rockwell hardness) and is one of the highest grades of high carbon extra strength stainless steel made in Japan. The cutting blade is sandwiched between 33 layers of Damascus steel, resulting in a blade consisting of 67 layers. This is an excellent knife that is highly durable, corrosion and rust-resistant, and sharp like a KATANA (Japanese sword).
HANDLE IS DESIGNED FOR FUNCTIONALITY - The handle is simple, with a focus on functionality, eliminating unnecessary decoration. The blade is perfectly welded to a 430 stainless steel handle to make a full tang. The steel handle is sandwiched between polished jet-black pakka wood and finished with rivets at three points. This makes it ideal for durability and won’t cause the handle to loosen or rattle even after long-term use.
THE OPTIMAL BALANCE - Extremely sharp blades are often easily chipped. However, we have designed this knife's blade with a 13-degree angle per side, which is the optimal balance between sharpness and chipping resistance. We’ve also created an ergonomically shaped handle in order to provide a well-balanced grip that won’t make you tired even after extended use.
BEAUTIFUL DAMASCUS STEEL KNIFE DESIGNED IN TOKYO, JAPAN - In addition to the performance and functionality, the Damascus steel with its wave-like patterns, gives this knife the mysterious beauty of Asia. This knife comes in a beautiful jet-black gift box, a perfect gift for yourself as a cooking enthusiast, or a gift for your partner or loved one who also loves to cook.
NO RISK - Purchase backed by the Andcolors 100% money-back guarantee. If you're not satisfied with your purchase, simply return the item for a full refund."

The steel is a single piece of specially alloyed Chrome-Vanadium-Moly cutlery steel.
Hand forged continued through more than forty separate steps in the production process before completion.
The grip scales are crafted from very hard 100-200 years old olive wood which resists moisture and exhibits a beatiful grain giving each knife a special elegance all its own
Handles are not diswasher safe.
Made in Solingen, Germany"

4 Piece Damascus Steel Kitchen Knife Set
Material: 1095 & 15N20
HRC: 55 to 60
Largest Knife; Knife Has Overall Length = 12:50 '' Inches 2nd ;Knife Overall Length = 10:50 '' Inches 3rd;Knife Overall Length = 8:50 '' Inches 4th;Knife Overall Length = 9:50 '' Inches Chop, Dice, Slice and Carve your way to being a Master Chef with this set of versatile knives."

SHARP BLADE MATERIAL -Damascus Chef Knife made with 67 layers damascus steel, VG-10 cutting core, HRC 60-62 hardness for exceptional sharpness, edge retention. Elegant hammered blade with stylish and functional design, can eliminate friction and keep food from sticking to the blade.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE - Ergonomic handle shape is engineered for superior control, agility and comfort, hand polished, achieving highly impervious to heat, cold, moisture.
SUPERIOR SHARPNESS - Seek design of this damascus chef knife with japanese style creates unmatched control and minimal slicing resistance. No tearing or squishing, only ruthless efficiency. Features HRC( Rockwell Hardness Scale) of 60-62 and a sharp edge which ensures maximum cutting performance and durability.
MULTI-FUNCTIONAL - The professional 8 inch chef knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks of chopping, slicing, mincing and dicing of fruit, vegetables and meat, be a multipurpose knife for professional applications.
LIFETIME WARRANTY - Every damascus knife is backed by superior quality and under strict quality inspection. Our aim is 100% satisfied customers. Return it anytime and get a full refund when you are not happy with our damascus knife."


04 Pcs Damascus Professional kitchen/BBQ knives set with Leather Roll Kit
Consist on 4 knives plus one knives sharpening rod and carrier leather kit.
Damascus Twisted with 176 Layers and 55 to 58 HRC.
Handles made of Rose wood"

Designed by Michelin-starred chef Thomas Keller and crafted by award-winning cutlery maker Cangshan. Single large rivet features Thomas Keller's initials. This 10"" chef knife's slightly curved edge rocks back and forth for quick, accurate slicing, mincing and dicing.
Forged from Swedish Damasteel RWL34 powdered steel, an extraordinarily fine-grained, high-alloy steel known for its excellent edge strength, hardness and corrosion-resistance. Full-tang blade construction. Bolster-free design supports firm pinch grip and allows easy honing/sharpening.
Ultra-precise 6-stage heat treatment creates a Rockwell hardness rating of 61 +/-2, allowing the blade to take a remarkably sharp edge. Hand polished and hand sharpened by expert blade-smiths. 16-degree Asian-style cutting edge.
Packaged in attractive walnut storage box featuring Chef Keller's signature laser engraved onto the box for a elegant touch. Magnetic storage box boasts unique hinge-less design.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel. USPTO Patented Design."

Meat Cleaver with Round Broad BladeThis cleaver cuts easily through large pieces of meat, vegetables, and fruits like squash,melon and pineapple.The side of the blade can be used for crushing garlic and some spices. Its broad blade also serves as a spatula to carry prepared ingredients to the wok or bowl. So, it is a great cleaver for kitchen prep works.
WHAT CAN IT DO - It is heavy enough to chop small bones easily, also you can use it cutting meat, vegetable and herbs etc. But don't use it to cut thick bones.  The hole on the blade can be used to hang this knife on ventilated place.
 Exquisite WorkmanshipOur knife is produced by professional workers with abundant knife-making experience. In the quenching - hammer -tempering- clamping steel - hammer -quenching- tempering and other continuous cycle operations.This operation guarantees the hardness and sharpness of this kitchen knife. If uses it correctly. You can use the kitchen knife 15--20 years.
 RUSTED?- This cleaver is crafted with high carbon steel which has high hardness but not high rust-resistance. So, it’s better to clean and dry it in time after using it. Then place it in a ventilated and dry place. Yet please don't put it in Dishwasher.
⑤BLADESMITH- We want you to enjoy your cooking and any cutting work with our knives. You are welcome to contact us when you have any problem, we will reply ASAP and we offer 100% satisfaction and money back guarantee."

Camel Bone Handle with steel Bolstors.
All Length = 09.50 Inches, Blade Length = 6.00 Inches Handle Length = 3.50
Cleaver knife with Sharp Edges. Comes with Sheath
Poshland Knives Product"

STYLISH AND FUNCTIONAL: This 15-piece cutlery set adds a touch of elegance to your kitchen décor with white knives accented by gold triple rivets and endcaps and stored in a natural rubber wood block.
RAZOR SHARP: Each knife features a high-carbon, stainless steel blade which ensure the knife retains its ultra-sharp edge and making food prep effortless.
COMFORT GRIP: Ergonomically designed for a comfortable grip; each knife is perfectly balanced for precision while cutting.
15-PIECE SET: includes 8-inch chef knife, 8-inch slicing knife, 5-1/2 inch serrated utility knife, 5-1/2 inch fine edge utility knife, 5-inch Santoku knife, 3-1/2 inch paring knife, six 4-1/2 inch steak knives, all-purpose shears, sharpening steel, and natural rubber wood storage block
EASY CARE: Farberware knives should be hand-washed with warm water and a mild detergent. Rinse and dry immediately. Stainless steel knives are not dishwasher safe. Lifetime limited warranty."

SANTOKU KNIFE - This Kitory 5 Inch Japanese style chef knife has performed itself in restaurant and it is also suitable for home use. The Santoku knife is flexable enough for almost all kinds of tasks like slicing dicing and mincing, easily to re-sharpen, clean and maintain. It is truly a small all-around cooking knife.
RAZOR SHARP BLADE - This 5 Inch Santoku knife is made from the high quality German stainless steel(7Cr17MoV), with an exceptional and enduring razor sharp edge for ultimate precision and performance in the kitchen.
ERGONOMIC PAKKAWOOD HANDLE - This Santoku knife gives you stability and control for sure, safe handling during meal preparation, even when wet. The ergonomics shape enables the right balance between the handle and the thin blade, ensuring ease of movement.
BEAUTIFUL PATTERN - The special waved pattern blade is particularly and strikingly (7Cr17MoV stainless steel kitchen knives, not real Damascus).Also the pattern helps to reduce drag and stuck on food.
KITORY - Our kitchen knives are well packaged in an elegant gift box, which is very suitable as a gift to parents and friends on kinds of festivals, such as Mother's Day, Father's Day, Thanksgiving Day, Black Friday, Christmas day, New Year, birthday, etc."

XYJ BrandStarted in 1986, XYJ knives feature high quality, exceptional sharpness, simple design, great balance and good practicality. Following ergonomics and mechanical levers principles, we greatly improve customers’ cutting experience. XYJ knives are terrific all-rounders designed for climbing, fishing, outdoors, kitchen cooking, etc. A practical knife designed for various tasks, and get your job done quickly.XYJ amazing go-to knife, explore your journey now!
Particular Design The blade of this knife be design with hammered, which be minimizes chances of food sticking to the blade, make it more easier to slicing food.
Full Tang Wooden Handle Ergonomic Full Tang handle can prevent the blade comfortable to grip and non-slip effect. The cleaver chef knife is a great practical, impeccable performance this strong design with a good strength, durability.
Multifunction Kitchen Knife Stainless steel knife is a multifunction knife, which is designed for professional applications, suitable for cutting, dicing, slicing, chopping with vegetables, fruit, meat and bone, adding satisfaction and enjoyment of kitchen and camping, outdoor experience.
Portable Leather SheathThe boning knife comes with sheath to protect your knife and can be attached to the belt for easy carrying when using outdoor. (There may have a smell of the leather sheath, please hang in a ventilated place for some days when you receive it.)"

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, Swedish Sandvik 14C28N Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. 2016 Red Dot Award Winner, A Design Award Winner, 2018 German Design Award Winner. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. Holds an edge up to 5 times longer than German Steel. Hand sharpened to a 16-degree angle per side. HRC 59 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
Well balanced 5.5"" handle and 7"" blade with HRC 59 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale. Oval depressions on the blade create air pockets that eliminate drag, facilitating even carving. Includes carbonized solid Ashwood half open magnetic sheath to ensure your blade will be protected.
This Santoku knife can be used for mincing, slicing, chopping vegetables, slicing meat, and disjointing large cuts. Works well for heavy kitchen use. Strong magnets are embedded into the edge of the sheath to hold onto the spine of the knife. A innovative and stylish way to protect your blades and fingers.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."
"Premier 8-inch Chef’s knife will quickly become the most used knife in the kitchen; lightweight, agile and offering an extremely comfortable grip, users never want to set the knife down
Razor-sharp edge of blade is perfect for slicing, dicing and chopping a full range of fruits, vegetables and other foods; thinner, lighter blade makes this knife less tiring to use
Contoured, PakkaWood handle rests comfortably in any hand; hammered tsuchime finish helps release food easily when cutting for a smooth clean cut
Shun Cutlery knives make prep work fun and takes a typically mundane task from boring to exciting; Shun’s knives are hand-sharpened, handcrafted and have a strong Japanese heritage
Very comfortable and easy to use with a beautiful, eye catching finish"

Stain resistant slicing knife
Usable to both left and right handed users as it's even edged
size 10.5"" inches"

DYNASTY SERIES - Dazzling and opulent. Astonishingly formidable with unparalleled craftsmanship, our Dynasty Series knives were expertly designed by our master artisans to reflect centuries of traditional Japanese knife design, along with cutting-edge nitrogen-cooled forging techniques, and feature shockingly sharp cutting edges alongside perfectly balanced & ergonomic grips for amazing comfort and safety. Stylish & stunningly gorgeous, these knives are sure to draw the eye in any kitchen!
A BREATHTAKING BLADE — Ferociously sharp & made from our own specially formulated ThyssenKrupp German 1.4116 Stainless Steel for greatly enhanced corrosion & rust resistance, these Precision Forged, Nitrogen Cooled blades are individually handcrafted & hand-sharpened by our virtuoso technicians in the traditional 3-stage Honbazuke method to 16° per side for clean, precise, cuts, amazing edge-retention, & have a Rockwell Hardness of 58 for maximum strength, flexibility, & blade edge durability.
SENSATIONAL COMFORT — When you first grip the handle of this knife it will feel as if it were made for you specifically. Our hand-crafted G10 Fiber-Resin Handle is impact resistant, & nearly impervious to heat, cold, & moisture, while its seamless build ensures no dirt or debris can ever infiltrate its pristine body. Our ergonomic design has ample knuckle clearance for superior control and agility, with triple rivet construction and amazingly superior Full Tang Strength for safe & precise use.
CONSTRUCTED TO LAST FOREVER - This knife will be your culinary companion for life & comes with Kessaku’s 100% Lifetime Warranty. Because we work tirelessly to ensure you’re delivered a true quality culinary masterpiece, all of our knives come with our Kessaku True Lifetime Warranty. Our very highest priority is that you are completely thrilled with our products and truly in love with our brand. Contact us with any issue or concerns and we will immediately do our absolute best to make it right.
MAKES AN AMAZING PRESENT - This exquisite knife will arrive in style, greeting you in our beautifully designed & elegant Magnetic Closure Gift Box, Custom Sheath & Polishing Cloth. Perfect for a Birthday, Wedding, Anniversary, Mother’s Day, Father’s Day, Christmas, House Warming. Give this to your favorite chef. The astonishing quality of this lovingly crafted, professional knife means you’ll be giving them a gift that they’ll have & use for eternity so they’ll always think of you!"

A beautiful Masur Birchwood handle leads into 101 layers of steel, precision ground to expose an exquisite flower Damask pattern and a cutting core of ultra-hard Micro-Carbide MC63 powdered steel.
Size: 7 Inch / 180 mm
Micro-Carbide MC63 powdered steel core, CRYODUR vacuum tempered blades, Three-step Honbazuke honing process
100 layers of stainless steel (50 layers per side) wrap the blade core and are polished to reveal a one-of-a-kind flower Damascus pattern
Traditional Japanese D-shape Birchwood handle enhanced with a mosaic pin and a metal end cap featuring the MIYABI logo, made in Seki, Japan"

DAMASCUS CHEF PARING KNIFE :combining outstanding and award-winning craftsmanship, cutting-edge breakthrough technology, awe-inspiring design, and the absolute best materials available. Peak performance never looked so good at this price.
DAMASCUS STEEL: ultra sharp Japanese super steel cutting core at 62+ Rockwell hardness ensures extraordinary performance and edge retention. The interior steel is painstakingly sandwiched between 66 layers of premium high-carbon stainless steel, resulting in exceptional strength, durability . Perfectly balanced and precisely tapered, The perfect Paring knife
BLACK G10 HANDLE:Ultra-premium G-10 handle forms around the Paring knife tang, and is impervious to heat, cold and moisture. Military grade with life-long durability. Handpolished ergonomic handle shape is engineered for superior hand control, agility and comfort all while promoting a natural pinch grip.
PERFECT SHAPE AND SUPER SHARP EDGE:8-12°degree angle per side using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method - No ordinary PARING KNIFE. Nitrogen cooled for enhanced harness, flexibility . Full tang for superb robustness and triple riveted for even more resilience.
100% LIFETIME GUARANTEE:Our no questions asked replacement or money back guarantee protects you for life from any possible defect. Our free sharpening policy allows you to send in your knife at any time for a free tune up."

HIGH-CARBON STAINLESS STEEL BLADE: 8 inch Professional Chef's Knife is made of German 1:4116 steel, which comes from Solingen, Germany. With 0.6%-0.75% carbon in this steel, this rust resistant knife is much harder than the normal knife， in which only include 0.3% carbon from lts raw material.
MULTI-FUNCTIONAL KNIFE: This professional 8'' chef’s knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks of chopping, slicing, mincing and dicing fruits, vegetables and several meat varieties including fish, kitchen and beef. It truly is the all-around cooking knife.
STURDY ERGONOMIC DESIGN: The solid Micarta handle minimizes wrist tension while providing a secure, comfortable grip no matter your hand size or where you grip. Even after prolonged use, your palm and wrist will not fatigue. Ideal for both people who cook frequently and those who just like preparing snacks. The durability and reliability of the kitchen knife are secured by the triple rivet design that attaches the handle firmly onto the blade.
ULTRA-SHARP AND LONG-LASTING:Designed for chopping, mincing, slicing, and dicing with a razor-sharp, laser-tested tapered edge ground to form an exacting angle to ensure maximum cutting performance and long-lasting durability.
LIFETIME GUARANTEE & ELEGANT PACKAGING :Our Lifetime Warranty and No Questions Asked Return Policy take the risk out of your purchasing decision. (Note: pls dry it timely with towel after use or rinse for long lifespan)"

Known as the ‘gyuto’ in Japan, the Asian Cook’s Knife is the Japanese equivalent of the chef’s knife; light and nimble to beautifully process meat and fish; also performs well on vegetables
Narrower than a traditional chef’s knife, yet with plenty of knuckle clearance on the cutting board; a go-to knife for a wide variety of kitchen tasks; handcrafted by skilled artisans
From Shun’s Premier series; reminiscent of hand-forged knives from ancient Japan; crafted from advanced, industry-leading materials in over 100 individual steps; VG-MAX super steel core, fine-grained, strong, hard
The very fine grain of Shun’s proprietary steel allows the blade to take and hold a razor-sharp, precision edge; layered Damascus cladding supports the core and adds stain resistance
A hammered ‘tsuchime’ finish acts as hollow-ground indentations to release food more quickly from the blade and reduce drag while chopping, slicing, dicing, mincing, and cutting"

Brand New
Excellent Quality
Fast Shipping"

Superior Quality -- Our professional meat cleaver with 7Cr15Mov high carbon steel has an extraordinary performance in edge-retention and a longer service life. It has been carefully forged, ground and polished with good sharpness, hardness, durability and excellent cutting performance, our art knife looks even more luxury than damascus cleaver knife.
Beautifully Sharp Blade -- The meat cutting knife is designed with exquisite tiger pattern, which is beautiful and make it more than a tool . And the sturdy blade of this cleaver knife passed multiple hand-grinding processes for an incredibly sharp cutting edge. Ground in a double bevel to16°, the hand-sharpened edge is ready to go out of the box. The upward curved angle is perfect for breaking down, slicing, mincing and dicing.
Solid Wooden leopard Handle -- The non slip full tang handle and the semicircle strong bolster provide you a secure grip. The handle of this heavy duty bone chopper is made of natural solid rosewood, which is comfortable to hold. The brass leopard design on the end is gorgeous and make it sure to be a eye-catching knife in any kitchen! This forged stylish cleaver knife is definitely a good collection knife and an ideal gift for your family or friends.
Multi-purpose Cleaver Knife -- This heavy duty kitchen cleaver is perfect for chopping chicken tiny bones, cutting meat, filleting fish and dicing vegetables. It's not only a meat knife, but also classified as a practical vegetable cleaver. It is suitable for both home and restaurant kitchens.
Warranty -- All of our kitchen knives pass strict quality control before shipped and well packaged in an elegant gift box. We offer 100% satisfaction and money back guarantee. Try it risk-free, you'll love this unique stylish meat and vegetable cleaver!"

Superior QualityOur professional meat cleaver with 7Cr15Mov high carbon steel has an extraordinary performance in edge-retention and a longer service life. It has been carefully forged, ground and polished with good sharpness, hardness, durability and excellent cutting performance, our lasered tiger pattern looks even more luxury than damascus cleaver knife.
Tiger-Shaped CarvingsWith wonderful tiger-shaped carvings, the butcher knife will be a absolutely beautiful scenery in your kitchen. Special forged knife surface is anti-sticking, you can finish your daily kitchen cutting work effectively.
Incredibly Sharp BladeThe sturdy blade of this butcher knife is 17° per side and passed multiple hand-grinding processes, ensuring ultra-thin slicing and dicing with minimal effort. Rockwell hardness reach to 56-60, possessing excellent performance and edge retention. (!) After each use, please keep it clean and dry to resist rust.
PackageThe meat cleaver knife comes with a unique leather knife sheath case to protect the knife blade, beautiful and more convenient. A good outdoor knife for BBQ, hunting and camping, can be attached to the belt for easy carrying.
Choose a Wonderful Knife Choose a beautiful and powerful butcher knife that will make a difference in your cooking experience. Zeng Jia Dao has been dedicated to creating excellent knives that are loved by people all over the world . We are looking forward to assisting you in your daily life."

KITCHEN ESSENTIAL SET - The essential set of knives for every day cooking, cover all basic tasks in both private and professional kitchens. Santoku knife, small Santoku knife and Office knife with handle made of natural Olive wood.
RAZOR SHARP KNIFE - Thanks to VG10 Damascus steel, a blade hardness of 60±2 HRC is achieved. The professional kitchen knife made of 67 layers of coiled steel is & remains extra sharp.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE - Best balanced set of knives with ergonomically shaped olive wood for fatigue-free work in the kitchen. Knife / blade length: santoku 11.8 / 6.7-inch, small santoku 9.4 / 4.7-inch office knife 7.9 / 3.3-inch.
PERFECT GIFT: When it comes to everyday cooking, versatility is key. This set of 3 Damascus kitchen knives will be absolute highlight in your kitchen! For yourself or friends, man or woman who love to cook and with heart and passion conjure a special dish.
WITH LUXURIOUS WOODEN GIFT BOX - Thanks to the precious packaging, the knife can be given directly as a gift and is a great joy for every ambitious cook!"

G2 micro-carbide powder steel
Authentic thin Japanese blade profile
Hand-honed using the three-step Honbazuke process to a 9.5 to 12 degree edge
CRYODUR blade, ice-hardened to Rockwell 63
101-layer flower Damascus design with katana edge"

Package Include The mini knives set includes 4pcs mini knife with sheathes, 1pcs iron box for storing the mini knives. Each size of tiny knives are showed in the pictures.
Easy to CarryThe mini size of 2.3*1.2 inches and the keychain design makes the cleaver pocket knife convenient to be carried in pockets or hang on backpack as keychain decorations.
Multiple Uses KnifeAs a mini box cutter knife, right for opening mails, envelops, letters or cutting tapes on boxes. It can be also used as the necklace pendant decoration knife.
Exquisite DesignThe box cutter designed to the mini chef knife, the blade made of stainless steel, the handle made of solid polished wood, so the knife are easy to hold and use, durable and not easy to rust. The surface of the cool knife is engraved with handmade damascus pattern.
Pocket Knife GiftThe tiny pocket knife will be a good choice to be a gift for relatives and friends who loves the mini tools."

[Super Damascus Steel] Hand-crafted Paring knife with 67 layers of Damascus blade with a core of high carbon VG-10 stainless steel for the professional, which provides excellent rust resistance and a long-lasting edge.
[Premium Damascus knife] With a Damascus steel blade, full-tang construction, and comfortable non-slip grip, this Paring knife is the nimble sous chef of the kitchen that handles the small and precise kitchen prep activities with ease.
[Long-lasting Edge] Say goodbye to rusty dull knife. This Damascus steel knife has razor-sharp blade, designed specifically for smaller precision tasks such as peeling,and slicing fruits and vegetables.
[Ergonomic Olive Wood Handle] The attractive handle is constructed of the best Olive wood, designed with detail attention to offering comfortable grip and control of the hand.
[Lifetime Guarantee] BRODARK provides customers a 90-day money-back policy, free replacement, and lifetime guarantee and we will always offer the best solutions and professional service for you."

Contemporary and modern, the Shun Classic series is an innovative take on the traditional Japanese art of knifemaking; premium-quality steel blade is handcrafted and hand-sharpened to a signature 16-degree cutting angle on each side
The D-shaped handle is crafted of PakkaWood, genuine hardwood infused with resin for moisture-resistance, important in an often-wet kitchen environment
Classic Asian Multi-Prep features Shun's proprietary high-performance VG-MAX stainless steel clad with 68 layers of Damascus stainless steel for a blade with a razor-sharp edge, incredible edge retention, and striking beauty
Versatile and lightweight, this must-have blade is an excellent gift for a host, hostess, newlywed, graduate, aspiring chef, or more
Quality products make everyday tasks easier; in Japan, this knife is traditionally used for boning poultry, but its triangular shape and convenient size also make it perfect for a wide range of kitchen tasks, from trimming vegetables to slicing garlic"

RAZOR SHARP-BEAUTIFUL PATTERN: The surface of the Japanes-style knife is the damascus pattern. Made from German high-quality High Carbon stainless steel, which beautiful and durable, rust, easy to clean and the thickness is moderate. Not easy to break and hygienic.
MULTI-PURPOSE JAPANESES-STYLE KIRTSUKE KNIFE: 7.5 inch Kiritsuke knife has a sword-like shape with its long and flat blade, which is suitable for handling vegetables, fruits as well as meat and fish, which provides versatility, convenience and flexibility for kitchen.
COMFORTABLE ERGONOMIC PAKKAWOOD HANDLE: The ergonomic wood grain handles can help prevent hand fatigue during longer cutting sessions. Every knife had the pretty balance evenly distributed among the blade and the handle.
PERFECT GIFT: Damascus pattern on blade and a black case is suitable as a gift for cooking lover. It is also a wonderful gift for your friends, girlfriend, boyfriend, mother and father.
QUALITY ASSURANCE: 100% satisfaction or money back guarantee, try it risks free. Please contact us immediately for our best customer service for any problems."

MADE WITH TOP GRADE JAPANESE 3-Layer forged Steel, VG-10 cutting core, HRC 60-62 hardness for exceptional sharpness, edge retention, and durability while being easy to sharpen
Blade size (length x width x thickness): 8 inches x 4 inches x 3.5 millimeters; net weight 1.45 pounds
Full tang design with sealed-tight, waterproof, and durable Oak wood handle for a non-slip and comfortable grip
Long-lasting, sharp edge for chopping polutry bones or hard vegetables (DO NOT chop thick and hard bones like lamb or beef)
Crafted in ISO 9001 certified Taiwan factory with steel imported from Japan; limited lifetime warranty against defects"

This set contains 6 steak knives made of stainless steel. The handle is made of beautiful ebony wood.
The sharp, non-serrated edge is perfect for cutting different types of meats.
Each knife is decorated on the spine. The well-known Laguiole honey bee is present on the bolster of each knife
Blade length: 3.93 inches, total length 8.86 inches. Metal thickness: 0.1 inches. Weight per knife: approx 2.96oz. The knives are not dishwasher safe
Laguiole is not a registered brand or trademark. The word ""Laguiole"" is a general term, not legally restricted to a single company or place of manufacture. Laguiole Style de Vie products are made in China with very high quality standards."

Professional meat cleaverHand forged boning knife, ergonomically curved solid wood handle, comfortable grip. The thickened 3mm blade is heavier than the ordinary kitchen knife. The hand-polished 16-degree edges on both sides and the V-shaped narrow blade make the blade super sharp. Seamless Full Tang design and large finger holes provide firm grip, its super balance and extra weight make your cutting more enjoyable and easy.
Excellent material: The professional butcher knife made of premium 5Cr15Mov high carbon steel. 5cr15mov mostly used for high-end cutting tools. Hardness, toughness and sharpness is up to the highest international standards.Harder than 3cr15mov, not easy to rust than 7cr15mov.
Multi-purpose cooking knifeThis boning knife almost meet chefs' all requirements for knives. You can use it to cut bones, lamb chops, ribs, pork loin, chicken, duck, fish, vegetables, fruits, etc. It’s the perfect butcher knife for kitchen,camping,outdoor,BBQ
Professional manufacturer We are professional butcher knife manufacturer, and we are very confident in the quality of the knife. This cleaver knife is a wise choice for culinary students, home chefs, professional chefs, etc.
Maintenance tipsPlease clean your boning knife in time and keep it dry. If you don't use it for a long time, wipe the blade with a small amount of food oil, and then put it in a dry place."

The knives are perfectly weighted and precisely sharpened for better control with even the thickest steaks
As per tradition, the Laguiole bee is etched on each utensil handle as a sign of fine craftsmanship
The memorable gift set is presented inside a wooden keepsake box with metal hardware
Materials: Stainless steel"

VG10 super steel
Authentic thin Japanese blade profile
Hand-honed using the three-step Honbazuke process to a 9.5 to 12 degree edge
CRYODUR blade, ice-hardened to Rockwell 60
65-layer flower Damascus design with katana edge"

Professional Multi-functions Kitchen Knife Set ZENG 8 PCS knife set includes: 8"" chef knife, 8"" bread knife, 8"" Slicing knife, 7.5"" Nakiri knife, 7"" Santoku knife, 5"" Santoku knife, 6"" Boning Knife and 3.5"" Paring knife. The curve of the blade is gentle aides in easy precise cutting. Great for mincing, slicing, cutting, chopping, paring, smashing, shredding, julienning, peeling and dicing fruit, meat, fish and vegetables in the kitchen because of excellent performance.
Premium Materials and Sharp EdgeOur Chef knife sets is made of high quality high carbon stainless steel 7Cr17Mov better than 4Cr or 5Cr on the market. All of them are coated with 5 food grade coatings with excellent anti-rust,corrosion and excellent sharpness.The hardness reach 56±2,the blade edge reached 13-15 degrees per side,these in sharp professional blades of high quality that are far superior to other styles of knives.
Ergonomic HandleThe handle of each knife is made from Pakka wood handle, the bolster and tail are equipped with steel pad, having strong corrosion-resistence properties, providing good balance and control, keeping the best cutting accuracy. The classic handle size and ergonomic shape offers unexpected comfort and flexibility,long time no fatigue,improve work efficiency.
Easy To Clean and CareThe composite process keeps the knife face beautiful and bright,will not rust, corrosion,and keep the knife face clean and hygienic. Wash immediately after use with rag,and put it in a dry place and sometimes use a piece of paper towel dampened with oil (any cooking oil) to just rub the blades and the handle after drying them out, it will have a super longer service time for you. Be careful and Keep children away from knifes.
Gifts and ServiceZENG kitchen knife set comes with protective sheaths, is an ideal gift for birthdays,weddings,anniversaries,Mother's Day,Father's Day,Christmas,cooking,family warmth,etc.We are committed to providing 100% satisfaction.For any product problems,please don't hesitate to email us directly.We will get back to you within 24 hours."


Double-Sided Strong Magnetic Suction Knife: With super strength hidden magnet.Double-sided suction knife design, 17 X 13 Inches super large capacity. The magnet is hidden in the middle of the acacia wood, with strong adsorption.This magnetic knife block can suck all kinds of metal knives and other kitchen utensils. You can reach the knife easier, quicker and safer. Suitable For Common Household kitchen Cutters（Fruit knife, Kitchen Knife, Bread knife). Note: NOT for CERAMIC KNIVES.
Double-Sided Super Large Capacity: Hold up to 16-20 knives(length from 3"" to 12"") at both sides of the knife holder, great space saver for your kitchen counter.This is a multi-functional use magnetic storage block.
Elegant Display: Why fuss with a boringly average knife holder when you can display one of these beautiful knives? Made of Acacia wood naturally growing in nature, with warm texture and fine texture,with finely polished by hand.Fashionable, simple and practical.
Creating Your Green&Healthy Kitchen: Though it displays nicely on a countertop, the wooden knife holder is reliably strong.The surface is treated with natural vegetable oil, which make the surface delicate and easy to clean. It can be wiped with a rag.100% sustainable & safe for use in the kitchen.
Safty Non-Slip Base: Finished with anti-skid felt pads on the bottom, our bamboo knife block is safer to use on slippery counter tops than ordinary blocks. No more skidding, slipping, sliding or wobbling around!
Not Only For Knives:It is not only suitable for storing knives, but also any metal accessories such as screws, screwdriver tools and other metal objects can be absorbed and stored with this magnetic knife holder.
LIFETIME 100% MONEY BACK GUARANTEE. We’re confident with the quality and function. If you’re not happy with it, just tell us."

STRONG MAGNET:Double sided strong magnet can safely and healthily place kitchen knives.ou can reach the knife easier, quicker, safer. Suitable For Common Household kitchen Cutters.
SIMPLE AND CONVENIENT DESIGN：The magnetic tool holder is made of natural acacia wood, which is beautiful and practical. The simple and gorgeous appearance is easier to clean, It can better provide a safe and hygienic environment for cutting tools.
SOLID WOOD MATERIAL, ACACIA WOOD MATERIAL:Good knife base comes from good wood, made of Acacia wood naturally growing in nature, with warm texture and fine texture.
NON SLIP FOOT PAD：This magnetic knife holder has a non slip foot pad.Finished with anti-skid felt pads on the Acacia wood , our bamboo knife block is safer to use on slippery counter tops than ordinary blocks. No more skidding, slipping, sliding or wobbling around!
PROTECTIVE BLADE:This magnetic knife block is very safe for the blade you intend to place, Because the blade only touches the wood, the blade remains sharp to prevent damage.If you are not happy with this universal knife block, we will gladly grant you a full refund."

THE DAMASCUS SERIES - Our flagship series and the culmination of our passion for knives. Lovingly designed by our master artisans to reflect centuries of traditional knife design, paired with cutting-edge nitrogen-cooled forging techniques & the highest-grade Damascus Steel for unparalleled craftsmanship. Their gorgeous, military-aircraft-grade G10 handles are perfectly balanced & contoured for amazing comfort & safety, with spectacularly sharp blades.
DAMASCUS STEEL - The reputation of Damascus steel is legendary because it holds its edge better than any other steel on earth. It is formed from 67 folded layers of AUS-10V steel, causing its distinctive waved and patterned design. Aside from its elegant, sleek, look, and beautiful aesthetics, Damascus Steel is highly valued, as it is extremely hard and flexible. (In a historic context, weapons forged from Damascus steel are vastly superior in battle than those formed from any other steel)
STRIKINGLY SHARP - Individually handcrafted & hand-sharpened by our virtuoso technicians in the complex 3-stage traditional Honbazuke method to 16° per side for clean, precise, cuts. Our own 67-Layer AUS-10V Japanese Steel formula adds enhanced corrosion resistance & non-stick properties, and these Precision-Forged, Nitrogen-Cooled, blades have a Rockwell Hardness of 62+ for maximum strength, flexibility, & blade edge durability. Damascus steel also holds its edge better than any other steel.
A DREAM TO HOLD - Beautifully adorned with a mosaic pin of brass & copper, this knife’s military-aircraft-grade G10 handle will feel as if it were made just for you, specifically. Its graceful bolster & knuckle clearance keeps your fingers safe & it has Full Tang Strength for a lifetime of use. Impact-resistant & nearly impervious to heat, cold, & moisture, its seamless build also ensures that debris can’t infiltrate its body, keeping it sanitary & hygienic.
CONSTRUCTED TO LAST FOREVER - This knife will be your culinary companion for life & comes with Kessaku’s 100% LIFETIME WARRANTY. Because we work tirelessly to ensure you’re delivered a true quality culinary masterpiece, all of our knives come with our Kessaku True Lifetime Warranty. Our very highest priority is that you are completely thrilled with our products and truly in love with our brand. Contact us with any issue or concern and we will immediately do our absolute best to make it right."

MATTSTONE HILL 9 inch Chef knife. This is a typical heavy duty kitchen knife, full-tang blade with 304 stainless steel handle. Beautiful, sleek look, economic and practical, if you really need a knife to deal with your daily kitchen heavy task, you will need this knife.
This Kitchen Knife is made by a Precision forged german stainless steel X50Cr15Mov, with ideal hardness of HRC 56+, which enhanced the cooking knife durability, extremely resistant to corrosion and abrasion and rust resistant. Handle made with a seamlessly joined 304 stainless steel, rust free and comfort to hold.
Incredibly razor sharp, each kitchen knife is hand polished at 16-18 degrees per side by our skilled craftman. Engineered to perfection at 56+ Rockwell hardness and hand polished to a satin finish. Tall blade height provides useful knuckle clearance. Perfect balance, absolute for people who frequently use at home or working in the culinary industry.
This chef knife will rock your kitchen. Tall blade height provides useful knuckle clearance, ergonomic steel handle and perfect balance will save a lots of your energy in daily work. Dishwasher Safe.
100% Customer Service: We are committed to improving your cooking experience, it is our responsibility to guarantee the quality of products. If you have any problem with our chef knife, please feel free to contact us."

Germany High Quality Steel  KONOLL series uses Germany steel - 5CR15MOV. A great steel for the everyday use of any chef. With an HRC of 56+/-2 it will take an angled edge and hold it for long enough to help extend the life of your knife (w/ general maintenance). The clad dimple allow for easy food release while slicing or dicing. This blade is great for vegetables, fruits, fish, and meats. [Please refrain from cutting frozen products as this may detriment the knife's edge.]
Multifunctional Sharp Knife This professional 8 inch bread knife is classified and designed to be a multipurpose kitchen knives for professional applications. This sharp knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks like chopping, slicing, dicing, mincing for bread, fruits, meat, and cheese.
Weight/Balance  The balance point runs heel to spine up the billet. Allowing the user a comfortable grip with precise cuts, and less wear and tear on the users hands. The weight is towards the blade of the knife making for efficient use during rock chopping motion.
Multi-purpose - Don’t limit this outstanding carving knife to just breads! Also effortlessly carves through large fruits, thick vegetables, hams, turkeys, and much more
BEAUTIFUL PATTERN: The special pattern blade is particularly and strikingly (5Cr15Mov stainless steel kitchen knives, not real Damascus). We Offer 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK policy. KONOLL provides a lifetime against defects in material and workmanship."

Menacing Design, Exceptional Craftsmanship: Designed from the ground up to be as sleek, aggressive and muscular looking as they are effective, the Dalstrong Shadow Black Series stands out from the pack. They’re not simply cutting-edge, high-performance tools; they're a statement about who you are and your unique sense of style as a chef.
Astonishing Performance: A ruthlessly sharp scalpel-like edge is hand finished by expert bladesmiths to 15° per side using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method. Nitrogen cooled for enhanced harness and flexibility. Each Shadow Black Series blade receives a Titanium Nitride non-reflective coating, improving robustness, corrosion resistance and enhancing non-stick properties. Crafted from a single piece of steel, each hand polished blade is full-tang for maximum durability.
Striking angles, Life-Long Durability: A midnight black ergonomic, fiber-resin and military grade G10 handle is nearly impervious to heat, cold and moisture. The handle geometry is uniquely designed to tuck snuggly into your palm, giving you a firm grasp regardless of the grip style you use. A hand-polished spine is smooth and comfortable to the touch while the G10 handle is slightly textured to provide anti-slip properties.
Dalstrong Shadow Black Series Power: Featuring high-carbon 7CR17MOV-X super-steel with an added vacuum heat treatment at 58+ HRC which allows for extraordinary performance and edge retention. Unforgettable styling, sophistication and functionality, sure to turn heads in any kitchen. Each blade comes with a matching black space-saving sheath. National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) certified.
Dalstrong Trust: Rocksolid 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Renowned Dalstrong customer service. See why over 250,000 chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Dalstrong Difference'. Dalstrong luxury gift box packaging make Dalstrong knives an excellent gift for yourself or others. Now you are slicing with POWER. Dalstrong POWER!"

Proudly made in Alaska - Knife is made in the Inupiat style
Etchings rendered by renown Alaskan artists
6.25 in. blade stainless steel - This is a quality knife and is quite sharp
8 in. X 8 in. X 1.5 in. block with deep dish
Includes bowl with knife, stand, use and care guide"

Experience a do-it-all professional-grade Japanese kitchen knife featuring Shun's proprietary high-carbon VG-MAX cutting core, surrounded on each side by 32 layers of beautiful, layered Damascus steel cladding
D-shaped black PakkaWood handle encases the full composite tang blade, reducing unwanted rotation and improving grip for right- and left-handed chefs alike
The best of Eastern and Western styles - longer and wider than a chef's knife with the tip and profile of a kiritsuke. An agile blade ideal for slicing and chopping
Handcrafted in Japan; ground and honed to a razor sharp 16-degree edge out of the box and balanced immediately forward of the bolster like most Shun knives for superior handling
Santoku, nakiri, boning, slicing, or steak - Shun blades positively glide through food, letting the edge do the work"

This knife set is perfect for almost anything – chopping, slicing, dicing and mincing. Incredibly sharpened edge retentions with light design.
Smooth, black, ergonomic handles and slice evenly with perfect precision and weight balance.
Provides the perfect balance and natural pinch grip. Rust, tarnish & corrosion resistant."

Package Includes XYj cutlery set includes: 1 x 3.5 inch paring knife, 1 x 5 inch utility knife, 1 x 5 inch Santoku knife, 1 x 7 inch Santoku knife, 1 x 7 inch Nakiri, 1 x 8 inch slicing knife, 1 x 8 inch bread knife, 1 x 8 inch chef knife, 8 x knife sheaths, 1 x 8 pockets roll bag
Particular Design The blade of this kitchen knife is made of high quality stainless steel, uses a V-shaped and fine processing blade, which can maintain the sharpness of the chef knife for a long time with incredible robustness and quality
Ergonomic Handle Design The handle is made by high quality color wood, which is comfortable, stability and well balanced when holding to use. The light weight and ergonomic design make the chef knife feels quite balanced and you won’t feel finger numbness
Professional Chef's Knife XYj Stainless steel chef knife is a multifunction cutlery knife, which is designed for professional applications, suitable for cutting, dicing, slicing, chopping with vegetables, fruit bread and meat, adding satisfaction and enjoyment of kitchen experience
Unique Knife Sheath & Roll Bag This cooking knife set comes with knife sheath and canvas roll carry bag, the sheath is use to protect your knife blade and finger, and the knife roll carry case is a good storage organizer to your chef's knife, make it more easy and convenient to carry out"

Winco products are made to meet the high demands of a kitchen
Trusted and reliable
Winco products range from tabletop to kitchen utensils to food preparation supplies
Winco products are used by all foodservice and hospitality industry experts worldwide
Good quality product"

[Japanese Damascus Knives] Kiritsuke Knife is made of 67 layers 440C Damascus steel (59±2 HRC) using traditional Japanese hand forging technology combined with vacuum deep cooling treatment; enhancing sharpness, durability and corrosion resistance.
[Dazzling Knife Handles] Collaboration with famous Japanese designers to design dazzling series of knife handles. Shadowwood Treegranate incorporates unique patterns and colors; a unique color structure flows through the world of knife handles. It will be a pleasure to use it.
[Professional Japanese Chef's Knife] Each Kiritsuke knife is carefully machined and forged using multiple processes to achieve the optimal balance of hardness, toughness and sharpness to deliver unparalleled performance. These chef's knives are perfect for chopping, slicing and cutting any fruit, fish, meat, sushi and vegetables.
[High-End Gift Choices] The Universal Chef's Knife has an ultra-sharp edge and perfect curvature (13°) to meet all the chef's requirements for a knife. With its exquisite sandalwood gift box and gorgeous appearance, it is the gift every home chef and professional chef looks forward to on special holidays.
[Product Commitment] ミツモトサカリ products have been strictly audited and certified. Unconditional replacement or refund policy for defects, risk-free trial. If you have any questions, please contact us, we will give you a satisfactory answer."

The Omega Series Knives are a precision made instrument. Ideal for briskets, roasts, ham, turkey, sides of salmon, and expertly suited for prepping large fruits and vegetables, slicing bread loaves and layer cakes, the screamingly sharp blade ensures ultra-thin, uniform slices in a single stroke. These Knives are a required addition for every pitmaster, chef, baker, home cook, & more.
The “LiquidMetal” pattern on the blade reduces drag and increases efficiency, allowing you to glide through prep. Featuring ultra-premium American forged BD1N-VX hyper steel, the addition of Nitrogen increases hardness, flexibility, and toughness, while the blade's composition and added vacuum heat-treatment to 63HRC provide astonishing performance, with a screamingly sharp edge. Painstakingly finished to 8-12° per side by expert blade smiths using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method.
The G10 woven fibreglass handle is near impervious to heat, cold and moisture and is presented in a midnight black with subtle dark red colorings. Centered in the full-tang handle is an ornate and over-sized copper and brass mosaic, creating a distinct and striking appearance. The painstakingly detailed craftsmanship continues with the Dalstrong lionhead insignia carefully engraved on both the mirror-polished end-cap and blade itself.
A black PU leather sheath with button clip and distinctive red-stitching is also included to ensure the blades stylish protection and your own safety. Featuring all the precision, premium materials and workmanship you would expect from Dalstrong, only dialled up.
See why thousands of professional chefs and home cooks love and trust the DALSTRONG DIFFERENCE. 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it!"

Precision forged, full tang blade.
Stain resistant steel.
Ideal for separating meat from the bone.
Made in Solingen, Germany"

OUTSTANDING&PROFESSIONAL CHEF KNIFE: AMSZL chef knife, with professional value and collection value. Our Damascus chef knife is very exquisite and durable, suitable for professional chefs and cooking enthusiasts, suitable for cutting meat, fish, fungus, vegetables, and fruits.
67-LAYER DAMASCUS HAMMERED BLADE: The 67-layer Damascus Hammered Blade of the professional knife is treated with liquid nitrogen in a deep freezer to enhance its hardness and flexibility. The Damascus Rose pattern of this Japanese chef knife reflects the gorgeous craftsmanship and its luxurious identity. The hammered blade design of the Damascus knife is not just beautiful but helps to reduce drag and helps food slide off the blade.
PERFECT BALANCE PERFORMANCE: The 7-inch master knife can be used with both hands. It has a better cutting balance angle, does not cause physical fatigue, and allows us to cut faster and more efficiently. Features: hand-polished to satin, increased hardness (60±2 HRC), thickness (2.4mm), 15 °bevel, flexibility and sharpness, strong durability, stain & corrosion resistance.
FOCUS ON TECHNOLOGY&DESIGN: In the process of folding and forging, Damascus steel will form very dense fine metal grains, which will make the ultra-sharp edges of the fine serrations on the cutting edges become sharp. Japan knife with exquisite Full-Tang handle, not only sturdy and durable but also moisture-proof. The high-precision, sharp carbon steel chef's knife greatly improves the recycling rate of the knife and increases the service life of the knife. Represents the quality of life.
AMSZL’s Knives stand the test of time: Working toward the 100% satisfaction of the product from every customer is the eternal pursuit of AMSZL. Try without risk. We promise a problem-free replacement or money-back guarantee to protect you from any possible defects. With our high-quality products and excellent after-sales service, AMSZL has been recognized by more and more professional chefs, knife enthusiasts, and home users."

Set includes 3.5 inch paring knife, 7 inch vegetable cleaver, 4.5 inch Santoku, 7.5 inch Santoku, 8 inch carving knife, carving fork, 8 inch bread knife, 10 inch slicer, 5 inch cheese knife, sharpening steel, 8 steak knives, two removable steak knife blocks and the beautiful v-shape rotating Bamboo Display Block
Unique quad-tang design for balance and heft
Comfortable and beautiful resin-infused pakkawood handles"

The Dalstrong Frost Fire Series is an elegant collection of premium light-weight, razor-sharp knives with an icy cold look and fiery performance. Built for the modern chef who appreciates meticulously crafted, professional knives that look good and feel good, without any sacrifices to functionality.
The Frost Fire Series 7” Santoku Knife was thoughtfully designed to increase agility in the kitchen with it's lightweight, quick grip build. The Santoku is your slicing, dicing and mincing master, with a straight blade-edge profile, making this knife a push-cut master. A fusion between a chef’s knife and a vegetable cleaver, the Frost Fire Series Santoku offers the benefits of both.
Expertly engineered from 7-layer, high-carbon, high-chromium 10CR15MOV stainless steel with added cobalt, these knives undergo an expert heat treatment to further increase blade hardness for scalpel-like sharpness. Each knife is perfected with a precision-based sandblast for a frosted blade finish that enhances non-stick properties and offers superior refinement. National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) certified.
Beautifully finished with a slender, ergonomic handle for a tension-free grip, the Frost Fire Series offers ultimate comfort and cutting agility. For added distinction, the pristine white resin handle is enclosed in aluminum mesh that provides improved durability and a stylish honeycomb finish. Included with each knife is a PU leather sheath with snap closure, designed to protect your knife and keep it safe and secure while on the go.
Dalstrong Trust: The most essential knife and perfect gift for home cooks, bakers, pastry chef's and more. Rocksolid 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Renowned Dalstrong customer service. See why chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Dalstrong Difference'. Dalstrong luxury packaging. Now you are slicing with POWER. Dalstrong POWER!"

Ultra Sharp Blade Edge: V-sharp edge accurately hand sharpened to 10-15°per side for an effortless slicing experience. It can be rustproof and corrosion-resistant. The Damascus pattern and hammered surface on this kitchen chef knife are exquisite which is a pleasant experience when you use it during cooking
VG-10 JAPANESE DAMASCUS STEEL HIGH CARBON MATERIAL: Expertly crafted from 67 Layers VG-10 Japanese high carbon stainless steel ensures exceptional strength, durability and stain resistance. V-Glod 10 Japanese super steel cutting core at 62+ Rockwell hardness. Vacuum heat treatment and nitrogen cooling technique are implemented, thus get the best characterization of the steel.
Ergonomic Handle:The ergonomic Pakkawood handles on this chef knife offers superior comfort and a non-slip grip, even under a long time use. Note: this kitchen chef knife is already being sharpened which can be used directly.
Cleaning and Sharpening Tips:This kitchen chef knife are very easy to clean. We suggest you clean and dry it by hand instead of the dishwasher as it may reduce the lifetime of this chef knife. we recommend you use a knife sharpener. Whetstone is not allowed to use when sharpening, as it can scratch the surface of the chef knife.
Warranty:We offers a Two-years warranty and return policy on this professional chef knife."

SIZE AND WEIGHT: 18.1*2.3*1.7cm, 81.3g.
DAMASCUS STEEL HIGH CARBON MATERIAL: Expertly crafted from 67 layers high carbon stainless steel ensures exceptional strength, durability and stain resistance. Heat treatment and cooling technique are implemented, thus get the best characterization of the steel, perfect as kitchen cutlery peeling cutting chef fruit knife
CURVING BLADE: The curving blade of paring knife makes the rotten part of fruits pick out easily.
PAKKAWOOD HANDLE: Luxury pakkawood handle is triple-riveted with an ergonomic design that ensures comfort and maneuverability. Laminated and polished for a sanitary build, perfect for busy kitchen."

*** KIRITSUKE - The shape of the Kiritsuke knife makes it a versatile knife in the kitchen. The height of the blade and the slight curve of its cutting edge, makes it possible to chop meat and vegetables with a rocking motion. In addition, the tip of the blade allows for fine and delicate cuts.
*** BLADE - For this forged blade, we chose stainless steel 5CR15MOV. We prefer blades with .5% carbon, as they are easier to sharpen. You can do it yourself with the normal sharpeners on the market. And the 15% chrome makes our knife very rust resistant.
*** COMFORT - The 6 1/4 "" blade for a total of 10 1/2 . Its round and ergonomic ebony wood handle is very comfortable.
*** USE - You can use it for all your needs, like boning a chicken, filleting fish, cutting meat, chopping and mincing vegetables and making delicate cuts. It's truly a multifunctional knife.
*** MAINTENANCE - Maintenance of all knives is very simple. There are 2 golden rules. #1: Never soak a knife in water. It is very dangerous to cut yourself and water is the worst enemy for the edge of the blade. #2: Always wash and dry the knife by hand after each use. Never use the dishwasher."

Ultra sharp VG10 Japanese santoku knife 7 inch blade with 67 Damascus layers and a core of 62+ Rockwell Hardness gives you premium performance and resistance while being effortless to maintain.
Tatara's 8-12° degree cutting edge empowers you to create even delicate, delicious food with laser precision. Full tang, triple riveted and nitrogen cooled for enhanced hardness and flexibility.
Ergonomic military grade G-10 handle gives you excellent grip in all conditions along with superior agility and comfort for discerning chefs. The non-stick Granton edge makes for a perfect Japanese sushi knife. Please note that all materials and steel are sourced in Japan but final assembly is completed in China, using Japanese methods, to bring you a high quality product at a much more affordable price.
Nestled inside the sleek wooden gift case, this mirror finished santoku can take pride of place in your kitchen and makes a perfect gift.
Inlcudes a FREE polishing cloth and the Tatara 1 Year Money Back Guarantee. Try it risk free for a sharper cut worthy of a samurai or your money back. Click Add to Cart and Buy Now!"

THE DAMASCUS SERIES -  Our flagship series and the culmination of our passion for knives. Lovingly designed by our master artisans to reflect centuries of traditional knife design, paired with cutting-edge nitrogen-cooled forging techniques & the highest-grade Damascus Steel for unparalleled craftsmanship. Their gorgeous, military-aircraft-grade G10 handles are perfectly balanced & contoured for amazing comfort & safety, with spectacularly sharp blades.
DAMASCUS STEEL -  The reputation of Damascus steel is legendary because it holds its edge better than any other steel on earth. It is formed from 67 folded layers of AUS-10V steel, causing its distinctive waved and patterned design. Aside from its elegant, sleek, look, and beautiful aesthetics, Damascus Steel is highly valued, as it is extremely hard and flexible. (In a historic context, weapons forged from Damascus steel are vastly superior in battle than those formed from any other steel)
STRIKINGLY SHARP  -  Individually handcrafted & hand-sharpened by our virtuoso technicians in the complex 3-stage traditional Honbazuke method to 16° per side for clean, precise, cuts. Our own 67-Layer AUS-10V Japanese Steel formula adds enhanced corrosion resistance & non-stick properties, and these Precision-Forged, Nitrogen-Cooled, blades have a Rockwell Hardness of 62+ for maximum strength, flexibility, & blade edge durability. Damascus steel also holds its edge better than any other steel.
A DREAM TO HOLD - Beautifully adorned with a mosaic pin of brass & copper, this knife’s military-aircraft-grade G10 handle will feel as if it were made just for you, specifically. Its graceful bolster & knuckle clearance keeps your fingers safe & it has Full Tang Strength for a lifetime of use. Impact-resistant & nearly impervious to heat, cold, & moisture, its seamless build also ensures that debris can’t infiltrate its body, keeping it sanitary & hygienic.
CONSTRUCTED TO LAST FOREVER  -  This knife will be your culinary companion for life & comes with Kessaku’s 100% LIFETIME WARRANTY. Because we work tirelessly to ensure you’re delivered a true quality culinary masterpiece, all of our knives come with our Kessaku True Lifetime Warranty. Our very highest priority is that you are completely thrilled with our products and truly in love with our brand. Contact us with any issue or concern and we will immediately do our absolute best to make it right."

The Omega Series Knives are a precision made instrument. Ideal for briskets, roasts, ham, turkey, sides of salmon, and expertly suited for prepping large fruits and vegetables, slicing bread loaves and layer cakes, the screamingly sharp blade ensures ultra-thin, uniform slices in a single stroke. These Knives are a required addition for every pitmaster, chef, baker, home cook, & more.
The “LiquidMetal” pattern on the blade reduces drag and increases efficiency, allowing you to glide through prep. Featuring ultra-premium American forged BD1N-VX hyper steel, the addition of Nitrogen increases hardness, flexibility, and toughness, while the blade's composition and added vacuum heat-treatment to 63HRC provide astonishing performance, with a screamingly sharp edge. Painstakingly finished to 8-12° per side by expert blade smiths using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method.
The G10 woven fibreglass handle is near impervious to heat, cold and moisture and is presented in a midnight black with subtle dark red colorings. Centered in the full-tang handle is an ornate and over-sized copper and brass mosaic, creating a distinct and striking appearance. The painstakingly detailed craftsmanship continues with the Dalstrong lionhead insignia carefully engraved on both the mirror-polished end-cap and blade itself.
A black PU leather sheath with button clip and distinctive red-stitching is also included to ensure the blades stylish protection and your own safety. Featuring all the precision, premium materials and workmanship you would expect from Dalstrong, only dialled up.
See why thousands of professional chefs and home cooks love and trust the DALSTRONG DIFFERENCE. 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it!"

Made of high carbon stainless steel with wood handle.
Blade Size: 8""(210mm), 9.5""(240mm), 10.5""(270mm), 12""(300)
Hardness Rockwell C Scale: 60
Razor sharp, 100% handcrafted product.
BIGSUNNY lifetime trust."

Forged and hammered with 16 layers of steel in the Damascus tradition with a VG-10 Core, the VG-10 Hammered Damascus Series has been a perennial best seller, combining performance, beauty, and extraordinary value.
The most versatile and essential of all knives a cook can have is a Japanese chefs knife known as a Gyuto knife. The Gyuto is a Japanese chefs knife with a curved blade that smoothly rocks back and forth and has an extended tip for quick chopping that can be used to cut meat, fish, and vegetables.
Sometimes called a Peeling knife, the Paring knife resembles a small chef's knife and has a medium sized blade that can maneuver through both small and big jobs. A razor sharp Paring knife can intricately carve and style vegetables and fruits for beautiful presentations and garnishes, performing just as well for bigger jobs such as preparing meals.
Made in Japan. This knife is complimented with a premium Western Style Handle that extends to the full tang of the knife and ergonomically welds to the hand for seamless use. The hammered texture of the blade eliminates friction and keeps food from sticking to the blade. Every knife from Yoshihiro is handcrafted by master artisans creating a unique one-of-a-kind work of art.
Traditional Japanese knife making values a sharp edge, which requires attention and care. Sharpening and honing should be done with only water whetstones. Hand wash and dry only, and do so immediately if working with acidic ingredients. Do not use on objects such as bones, nutshells, and frozen foods."

Nimble & Agile - Larger Chef knives aren't the best for detailing, prepping vegetables and fruits. Reach into any crevice with quick manoeuvrability for that extra detail that brings a pop to your dishes
An extension of your finger - Glides through anything you can throw at it. Heat tempered & sharpened by hand, our 3Cr13 Stainless steel out-performs any other blade. Helping you elevate your food styling
Sturdy yet Weightless - An inexpressible feeling of comfort that you feel only when you hold it. Reinforced 430 Steel ergonomic ABS handle, makes you want to cook, every time you look at it
Low Profile Cuts - A boosted bolster helps get surface-level cuts without hindering you. Honed to the perfect width for the perfect balance. Handcrafted for zero slicing resistance
Packaged as an Excalibur - A gift for the cooking enthusiasts & the pros with the Luxurious magnetic lid box. A gift that you'd want for yourself. We don't build knives we craft experiences"

Double-Sided Strong Magnetic Suction Knife: With super strength hidden magnet.Double-sided suction knife design, 17 X 13 Inches super large capacity. The magnet is hidden in the middle of the acacia wood, with strong adsorption.This magnetic knife block can suck all kinds of metal knives and other kitchen utensils. You can reach the knife easier, quicker and safer. Suitable For Common Household kitchen Cutters（Fruit knife, Kitchen Knife, Bread knife). Note: NOT for CERAMIC KNIVES.
Double-Sided Super Large Capacity: Hold up to 16-20 knives(length from 3"" to 12"") at both sides of the knife holder, great space saver for your kitchen counter.This is a multi-functional use magnetic storage block. Not Only For Knives:It is not only suitable for storing knives, but also any metal accessories such as screws, screwdriver tools and other metal objects can be absorbed and stored with this magnetic knife holder.
Elegant Display: Why fuss with a boringly average knife holder when you can display one of these beautiful knives? Made of Acacia wood naturally growing in nature, with warm texture and fine texture,with finely polished by hand.Fashionable, simple and practical.
Creating Your Green&Healthy Kitchen: Though it displays nicely on a countertop, the wooden knife holder is reliably strong.The surface is treated with natural vegetable oil, which make the surface delicate and easy to clean. It can be wiped with a rag.100% sustainable & safe for use in the kitchen.
Safty Non-Slip Base: Finished with anti-skid felt pads on the bottom, our bamboo knife block is safer to use on slippery counter tops than ordinary blocks. No more skidding, slipping, sliding or wobbling around!"

15 Inches x 2 Inches x 2 MM Thickness TWIST Pattern Custom Handmade Damascus Steel Billet Bar Blank Blade for Knife Making - Jewellery Making - Cutlery Making and for Other Making Purpose.
Quality material used 1095 / 15N20 alloy steels (352 true layers)
Our all items are 100% handmade and 100% original damascus steel - If you have any kind of question about our item please contact us
We also have more than 15 types of patterns in different size on demand.
Acid etched stunning pattern and annealed with best quality guaranteed"

UPC Code
261726 dimension
5.5x1x11 inches"

 SPECIAL DESIGN -  First, the SHARP CURVED EDGE our chopper knife can help do rocking motion easily. And the front edge does not need to leave the cutting board. So, it will be very effortless.  Second, the BROAD BLADE can help scoop and transfer the chopped food easily.  Third, The Fire Lightning Texture on the blade helps prevent meat or vegetable from sticking on the blade.  Definitely, it is a perfect kitchen prep knife and butcher knife for meat cutting.
 STUNNING SHARP - This meat cleaver is crafted with high carbon steel which has high hardness but not high rust resistance. High hardness can keep ultra-sharp. So it has an excellent performance in Asian knives. it’s better to clean and dry it in time after using it. Then place it in a ventilated and dry place. Mind the sharp edge when using.
 WELL BALANCED - The curve of this friend linking from blade to handle provides comfortable operation and effectively prevents from slippery, you'll feel balanced when holding it.
 WHAT CAN IT DO - It is heavy enough to chop small bones like chick claws easily. Of course, you can use this cleaver knife for meat cutting, chop and dice vegetables, slice herbs, fruits and ect. Please Do Not Cleave Hard Bones with it. Also please don't put it in Dishwasher.
 BLADESMITH - We want you to enjoy your cooking and any cutting work with our knives. You are welcome to contact us when you have any problem, we will reply ASAP and we offer 100% satisfaction and a money-back guarantee."

Beauty and function: Elegant, refined, and engineered to bring organization and style to kitchen; Holds between 8 to 10 knives.
At your fingertips: The considered, space-saving design of our two-sided block minimizes countertop traffic, while shields of acrylic protect from natural wear and unintended cuts.
Timeless display: Imagine your knives floating on natural acacia wood behind a crisp acrylic shield; Pair with our Bonded Teak or Zebra Wood collection for the perfect display.
Universal fit: Magnets embedded in the acacia wood allow up to 10 knives to fit in any arrangement or order.
Relentlessly driven: We're the Schmidt Brothers and we're on a mission to craft the finest stainless steel knives, BBQ gear, and cutlery you'll ever use."


VG10 super steel
Authentic thin Japanese blade profile
Hand-honed using the three-step Honbazuke process to a 9.5 to 12 degree edge
CRYODUR blade, ice-hardened to Rockwell 60
65-layer flower Damascus design with katana edge"

16 Layers of VG-10 Hammered Damascus
Stain-Resistant, Blade may appear darker in picture due to lighting conditions
Double-Edged Blade
Hardness Rockwell C Scale: 60"

Grade: Black Finish (Kurouchi)
Material: Shiroko High-Carbon Steel (White Steel)
Hardness Rockwell C scale: 62
Knife Style: Utility Knife
Blade: Double-Edged (50/50) /Total Dimension: 6.25 In x 1.5 In x 0.12 In ( Blade Length: 2 In )"

A KITCHEN KNIFE FOR EVERY TASK: RUANQ kitchen knife is a versatile knife. It can make life and cooking joyful. The 7-inch knife is just right for cutting, slicing, mincing, dicing, cubing and more everyday jobs. Ideal for processing chicken, beef, vegetables, fruits, fish, and various kitchen foods.
HIGH GREAT DAMASCUS STEEL: The blade consists of 67-layer Damascus steel cladding that enhances toughness and protects the valuable VG-10 steel cutting core. The technology ensures the knife with super high durability while providing super sharpness. Superior materials also provide the knife with excellent sharp edge retention and rust resistance, giving it an extremely long life.
ULTRA SHARP Edge: The blade is honed at 12°-14° on each side precisely. It allows the knife to achieve precisely cutting and provide perfect cutting experience, It provides you unmatched efficiency. Your work in the kitchen is done in no time!
ERGONOMIC MICARTA HANDLE: Highly impervious to moisture, the meticulously constructed micarta handle feels smooth and sure in your hand. Ergonomic handle offers comfortable grip and balanced feel which offsets the inconvenience of weight.
100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE: we’re dedicated to bringing professional cutlery into your home kitchen.100% CUSTOMER SATISFACTION is our goal. Packed in exquisite gift boxes, it is also a best choice for gifts."

Premium Quality - The professional meat cleaver is a hand forged knife from high carbon steel and not made of stainless steel. The high carbon steel is extremely hard and makes the blade really sharp. After each use, you may need to keep our butcher knife clean and dry to resist rust and stain. Compared with kitchen knives made by stainless steel, our high quality boning knife with sturdy blade has a better ability to maintain sharp edges and keep a longer service life.
Razor Sharp Blade - The thickness of this cooking knife is 3.4 mm. Its hand-polished edge is 16 degree per side, which is sturdy and sharp to get the job done perfectly. The blade with the unique 60 degrees on the top is passed multi-channel composite processes for fine grinding and durability. This extremely sharp blade provides for unmatched efficiency. Your work in the kitchen is done in no time!
Superior Design - The seamless Full Tang design provide a firm grip. And the handle from natural old wenge wood combined with an ergonomic grip curve design minimizes wrist tension while providing a secure, comfortable grip no matter your hand size or where you grip. The mosaic rivet brings an overall harmony and stunning visuality to the whole piece. The hole of blade and handle allow you hang it on your kitchen wall to keep it dry and clean.
A Practical Tool - Every kitchen needs a versatile knife. This professional cleaver knife is designed to handle heavy tasks like splitting chickens, ducks or chopping ribs,lame chops. It can also handle your daily kitchen tasks like mincing, slicing, dicing and chopping vegetables or meats. It’s definitely your practical assistant no matter where you are. This multi-purpose knife would be a good choice for kitchen, camping, barbecue, hunting or hiking.
Gift Box - All of our kitchen knives pass strict quality control before shipped and well packaged in an elegant gift box. It’s definitely an ideal gift for your lovers, family members and friends, who loves cooking and knives."

Professional UsageNatural fit with your succulent and tender steak, the sharp edge of this knife can easily cuts through your soft steak without tearing it effortlessly, helping you to complete each elegant meal.
Premium SteelMade of German HC stainless steel, the blade of our bread knife have excellent performance in rust, corrosion and discoloration resistance, these advantages greatly enhance the cost performance of our knife.
Sharp EdgeEach edge of our blade is hand polished by experienced craftsmen and up to 8-12 degree. It provides you with minimal cutting resistance while you are cutting the steak and helps you maintain your elegance image at all times.
Easy HandingAesthetically pleasing handle is made of Pakkawood, which is come from Africa and is known for its comfort, strength and stability, it fits perfectly in the palm of your hand and you won't feel tired after using it for a long time.
Trusted Customer ServiceTUO provides premium customer service, each of our knife will come with an exquisite gift box. What’s more, lifetime warranty is included. It can not only be used for yourself but also the best choice to give to your friends or family as a unique Christmas gift."

Multi-function Kitchen Knife Set: The set includes an 8"" chef knife, an 8"" cleaver knife, an 8"" bread knife, a 7.5'' kitchen knife, a 7'' Santoku knife, a 6'' boning knife, a 5'' Santoku knife, a 3.5"" paring knife. Switch between different knives as needed to enhance the kitchen experience.
Imported Materials: Made of high-quality high-carbon steel imported from Germany which have higher strength and more wear resistance so that the knives can adapt to daily continuous work.
Artificial Sharpen: The blade is thinner and the cutting edge angle is smaller so that make the cutting of ingredients more comfortable. It will be without crushing or tearing the structure of the ingredients and don't need to spend too much energy when cutting.
Humanized handle design: Ergonomics, more comfortable to use, can reduce hand fatigue in daily use. Wrapped with non-slip resin to provide a good grip even if the handle gets wet, it won’t be slip.
Exquisite appearance and packaging: Laser pattern imitating Damascus makes the knife look more high-end.The blue resin of the handle is a water wave design, which makes it more elegant and stylish. Equipped with exquisite outer packaging gift box so that it is a pefect gift for for Valentine's Day, Mother's Day, Easter, Black friday, birthday or other fastival and business."

[Exquisite Design]: European and American design are applied to the handle and blade of YARENH chef knife, which is specialized, fashionable, beautiful, and aesthetic. This kitchen knife is also a great gift for every occasion and for everyone.
[Sharp Damascus Steel Blade]: This kitchen knife is suitable for mincing, slicing and dicing. It likes heating butter when you cut with it; it is easy and accurate to cut vegetable, fruit, fish, and meat.
[Comfortable Handle]: The outstanding design of natural Dalbergia wood handle meets the requirements of human engineering. The agility and comfort make you control the cutter easily.
[Damascus Steel Material]: The 73-layer Damascus steel is used for blade. The material of steel core is high-carbon steel 10Cr15CoMoV with 1.0% carbon content. The Rockwell hardness is about 62 HRC.
[Walnut Wood Magnetic Sheath]: The kitchen chef knife comes with a dark walnut wood magnetic sheath, which is convenient when carrying out field activities."

Modern knife block set includes: 8-inch bread knife, 8-inch chef knife, 6-inch utility knife, 5-inch serrated tomato knife, 4-inch paring knife, and wenge borough knife block with acrylic cover.
Kitchen essentials designed for professionals and aspiring at-home chefs: High carbon, 100% German stainless steel construction provides remarkable strength, durability, edge retention, and exceptional balance for years to come.
Superior control and safety: Our premium Wenge Wood knife handles are extremely comfortable to hold with durable double hex-riveted wenge wood design and patented curve to provide ideal hand position for cutting with further ease and maximum precision.
Scratch and stick resistant: Feel confident cutting, slicing, and chopping with stone-washed ultra-sharp blades providing a textured, modern look with maximum scratch-resistant and stick-resistant functionality.
Limited-lifetime warranty: Products are fully guaranteed against defects in materials and/or craftsmanship."

 High-Quality Chef Knife SetManufactured from high-quality German stainless steel (1.4116) that maintains its functionality for a long time. Its 15% of Chromium is great evidence of high corrosion resistance. Meanwhile, 0.55% of carbon and a bit of Vanadium improves hardness and wear resistance. With a 58+ HRC, the 4116 steel knife has good edge retention.
Incredibly Razor SharpEach blade edge is hand-honed and precisely polished to achieves 12-15 degrees per side to ensure excellent cutting performance.
 The Most Commonly Used SetThis 8-piece professional knife set includes an 8"" chef knife, 8"" bread knife, 8"" carving knife, 7"" Santoku knife, 7"" cleaver knife, 5"" utility knife, 3.5"" paring knife, kitchen shear, and solid acacia block which is the most commonly used in the kitchen.
Safe & Easy StorageSolid Acacia wood block works with the knives tastefully, every block is hand crafted and has its own unique grain. All knives store safely in the acacia wood knife block for saving space and presenting kitchen beauty.
  100% Service Guarantee Enjoy your risk-free shopping on Keemake. If, for any reason, your product proves to be unsatisfactory, feel free to contact our 24x7 hrs customer service for the items' replacement or refund."

Sharp Ceramic Knife never rust, stain or change the taste of food;you can know the real beef taste.
Really nature sharp,don't need to use out of your strength.let you be a real gentleman or a graceful women.Easy cleaning
6 pieces (6x 4 inch Steak knifes+ 6 knife safe case),
Material Composition: Blade - Zirconium Oxide-Handles: ABS Plastic,
Environmental health Knives keep food out of pollution.Ceramic knife is easy to clear, you can clean it by a wet dishcloth or rinse with clean waterwet .please don't put it in dishwasher,and keep out of hot water,or it is easy to broken or the handle get loose ."

THE DAMASCUS SERIES - Our flagship series and the culmination of our passion for knives. Lovingly designed by our master artisans to reflect centuries of traditional knife design, paired with cutting-edge nitrogen-cooled forging techniques & the highest-grade Damascus Steel for unparalleled craftsmanship. Their gorgeous, military-aircraft-grade G10 handles are perfectly balanced & contoured for amazing comfort & safety, with spectacularly sharp blades.
DAMASCUS STEEL - The reputation of Damascus steel is legendary because it holds its edge better than any other steel on earth. It is formed from 67 folded layers of AUS-10V steel, causing its distinctive waved and patterned design. Aside from its elegant, sleek, look, and beautiful aesthetics, Damascus Steel is highly valued, as it is extremely hard and flexible. (In a historic context, weapons forged from Damascus steel are vastly superior in battle than those formed from any other steel)
STRIKINGLY SHARP - Individually handcrafted & hand-sharpened by our virtuoso technicians in the complex 3-stage traditional Honbazuke method to 16° per side for clean, precise, cuts. Our own 67-Layer AUS-10V Japanese Steel formula adds enhanced corrosion resistance & non-stick properties, and these Precision-Forged, Nitrogen-Cooled, blades have a Rockwell Hardness of 62+ for maximum strength, flexibility, & blade edge durability. Damascus steel also holds its edge better than any other steel.
A DREAM TO HOLD - Beautifully adorned with a mosaic pin of brass & copper, this knife’s military-aircraft-grade G10 handle will feel as if it were made just for you, specifically. Its graceful bolster & knuckle clearance keeps your fingers safe & it has Full Tang Strength for a lifetime of use. Impact-resistant & nearly impervious to heat, cold, & moisture, its seamless build also ensures that debris can’t infiltrate its body, keeping it sanitary & hygienic.
CONSTRUCTED TO LAST FOREVER - This knife will be your culinary companion for life & comes with Kessaku’s 100% LIFETIME WARRANTY. Because we work tirelessly to ensure you’re delivered a true quality culinary masterpiece, all of our knives come with our Kessaku True Lifetime Warranty. Our very highest priority is that you are completely thrilled with our products and truly in love with our brand. Contact us with any issue or concern and we will immediately do our absolute best to make it right."

[Multi-function meat cleaver] If you don’t have a handy chef’s knife in the kitchen, then you must consider Hezhen Chinese kitchen knife. Chinese style not only has the basic functions of western kitchen knife, but also can cut, chop, chop, pat, and even You can bring the prepared ingredients to the wok.
[Advanced Custom Damascus Steel] Hezhen Classic series with high-quality 67-layer 10Cr15CoMoV Damascus steel super core. The steel core is added with Cr, Mo, Co. The hardness of 60-62HRC after heat treatment provides unparalleled sharpness and super Strong wear resistance and rust resistance.
[Perfect kitchen tool] The unique processing technology of Hezhen Classic series, 12 processes of careful processing, traditional manual wet cutting, scalpel-like sharp edge, Japanese-style single-sided 15-degree finishing, minimize surface resistance , In order to achieve butter-like smooth cutting and enhanced non-stick characteristics, so that the knife is durable and sharp.
[Classic Ebony Handle] Selected high quality ebony natural solid wood which has good drying performance,no distortion for long time use,no fading,no taste and environmental protection,and is responsible for your food safety and health.The ergonomically designed handle provides good grip and perfect comfort,reducing the fatigue of long-term use.Tips:The igniter can distinguish between wooden handles and plastic handles,Plastic handles will melt when exposed to fire, but wooden handles will not
[100% Quality Assurance] Nobleness is a kind of quality, low-key is an attitude, buying HEZHEN knives is 100% worry-free shopping, tool lifetime warranty, and professional after-sales service. Whether it is holiday gifts or daily cooking, Hezhen brand knives are always recommended by professionals."

Set includes: 8-Inch Chef Knife, 8-Inch Bread Knife, 6-Inch Utility Knife, 3-1/2-Inch Paring Knife and Wooden Knife Block
Each knife in the set is crafted from top-quality Japanese stainless steel and honed to a fine edge for superior performance
Handles are constructed for stability, elegance, and comfort, with stainless steel rivets and bolsters for optimum strength and beauty.
An attractive knife block features beautifully finished beechwood for convenient, safe and stylish storage
This knife set is a great complement to the other professional-quality items in the Anolon collections"

6 Inch Professional Paring Knife - The 6 inch utility knife is our most versatile knife. If you only get one knife, this should be it. V-sharp edge accurately hand sharpened to 10-15°per side for an effortless slicing experience. This multi-purpose full tang chef paring knife is suitable for chopping, mincing, slicing and dicing any fruit, fish, meat, sushi, herb and vegetables.
Damascus Steel High Carbon MaterIal - The Utility Paring Knife Japanese professional VG10 super stainless steel, With A Hardness of 58-60 HRC, the super core contains cobalt element, which enhances its hardness and keeps its sharpness. The blades are wrapped in 67 layers of Damascus steel, improving toughness and protecting the precious VG 10 steel cutting core.Each blade is cryogenically treated in liquid nitrogen to improve hardness, flexibility and corrosion resistance.
Comfortable Elegant Handle - Intricate and delicate enamel design makes it high-end and elegant.The weight of the handle is also strictly controlled, The right balanced weight between the handle and the thin blade, ensuring ease of movement. Even if you use this damascus kitchen utility knife for a long time, you won't feel tired and uncomfortable no matter your hand size or where you grip.
Perfect Gift - VG10 chef kitchen utility knife is not only sharp, but The design and manufacture of the handle is also world-class.such as Mother's Day, Father's Day、Thanksgiving Day、Black Friday、Cyber Monday、Christmas day、New Year、Easter Day、Halloween、Birthday, etc. This Japanese Damascus Chef Utility Knife with a exquisite Gift Box and a knife sheath is very suitable as a gift to parents and friends on kinds of festivals.
WEKIT Care - 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK. Try it risk free. OUR damascus knifes are superior products that will give you a lifetime of exemplary service. We are committed to providing our customers with quality products and friendly service."

Blade consists of 133 layers of steel, resulting in a floral damascus pattern
MC66 MicroCarbide steel is hardened to 66 HRC
D-shaped handle made from stunning black ash
Sharpened using a traditional, three step Honbazuke method
Hand crafted in Seki, Japan"

PERFECTED CHEF KNIFEThe Black Hawk 5 inch Steak Knife is designed for cutting steak, there are four knives to allow you and your family to enjoy a delicious meal together. The straight edge provide the stunning cutting ability, in addition to slicing your steak, it can also help you slice through other foods to make them fit for eating.
PEAK PERFORMANCEFeaturing special-forged German stainless steel with a precise vacuum heat-treatment, nitrogen cryogenic tempering and traditional 3-step Honbazuke method, the blade of Black Hawk series ensures you the superb hardness, flexibility, sharpness and lasting performance. No tearing or squishing, only Ruthless Efficiency!
ERGONOMIC DESIGNEach handle is made of Pakkawood, which is from Africa and is famous for its insulation,anti corrosion,wear-resisting, anti acid and alkalis and so on. With this kind of premium handle, you and your family can grip the ergonomically full tang handle comfortably with large or small hands and minimize wrist tension. Great handle makes prepping food and cooking is no longer a chore.
SLEEK AND SIMPLE LOOKThe blade is hand polished for many times, shining with silver light. The high-grade black handle forms a strong contrast with the silver blade, which is very eye-catching. The silver rivet on the handle echoes with the silver blade, making the whole knife look very advanced and luxurious.
100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEEWe guarantee a superior product that will give you a lifetime guarantee against manufacturer defects. With the beautiful case, it is the wise choice as a gift. Just try it risk-free and it will definitely surprise you！"

HIGHEST QUALITY: Extra sharp damascus knife / professional knife with blade of Japanese damascus steel, blade hardness: 60±2HRCThe wakoli damask knife series belongs to the sharpest knives in the world. Enjoy the perfect cut!
A MUST HAVE SIZE: Kinfe length 13-inch, blade length 8-inch–Damascus steel Vg-10 sharp professional Santoku kitchen knife perfect for professional cooking and hobby cooking.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE: Perfectly balanced and with ergonomically shaped handle is designed for comfort and control. Made of Mikata (wood composite, very robust) for fatigue-free handling.ing.
PERFECT GIFT: For yourself or friends who love to cook and with heart and passion conjure a special dish. It is perfect for slicing, dicing, chopping, and mincing of fruits, vegetables, bonesless meats, and fish.
WITH GIFT BOX: for safe storage of the Santoku knife, secure storage and perfectly rounded look from the Wakoli Mikata series"

The Dalstrong Quantum 1 Series of knives are apex predators within the culinary world and feature state-of-the-art technology. Strikingly sharp and painstakingly honed by expert craftsmen to 8-12°, this one-of-a-kind series has been carefully engineered for exceptional edge-retention, hyper-precision, and to deliver the cleanest and most effortless cuts.
Precisely tapered, the blade geometry ensures the perfect balance between resilience and performance, while minimizing drag. Featuring ultra-premium American made BD1N-VX hyper-steel, and added vacuum heat-treatment boast 63 HRC. A Nitrogen treatment further increases hardness, flexibility, and toughness of your blade. Gorgeously laminated and hot forged with the head-turning “Nova Prime” pattern—uniquely designed to reduce drag and stuck on food.
The powerfully designed Dragon Skin G10-carbon fibre hybrid handle reminds you this is no ordinary knife, offering you exceptional reliability and grip while being near impervious to heat, cold, and moisture. The Quantum 1 Series is sure to deliver the thrills and performance you need in your kitchen, with all the quality and craftsmanship you expect from Dalstrong.
A black PU leather sheath, with matching carbon fibre detailing and refined Dalstrong button clip is included to ensure the blades stylish protection and your own safety. The epitome of culinary magnificence, the Dalstrong Quantum 1 Series of knives are ushering in a new era of culinary adventure with you in total control.
See why thousands of professional chefs and home cooks love and trust the DALSTRONG DIFFERENCE. 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it!"

For cleaning fish and poultry
Sharp point and narrow blade
Slip-resistant handle
Durable addition to any set"

ADD STYLE AND REFINEMENT TO YOUR KITCHEN: Here's the block set you've been waiting for! The innovative design of the rotating magnetic block is the perfect storage unit to show off the stunning Damascus pattern of each knife included from our best selling Alpha-Royal Japanese series.
INNOVATIVE DESIGN: With a distinctive shape and rotating feature, this block is handmade from environment-friendly rubber wood featuring super strength magnets embedded on each face. The efficient design makes this block a space saver and is super easy to clean.
PREMIUM JAPANESE KNIFE SET: With our military grade G10 handle and real 67 layer high carbon Japanese AUS-10 stainless steel, this chef knife set is handcrafted by the most experienced knife craftsmen in the world. These full tang, double bevel Japanese knives are hand finished using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke Method to produce a razor sharp edge with outstanding retention.
UNMATCHED PERFORMANCE: The ergonomically designed G10 triple riveted rounded handle has a full tang, boasts a tapered bolster and is tastefully adorned with the Zelite Infinity 3-metal mosaic rivet. Our handles are designed to provide a strong, secure, and comfortable grip with perfect balance and combined with a super sharp blade, this professional kitchen knife set will perform every time.
100% SATISFACTION or MONEY BACK GUARANTEE - TRY IT RISK FREE: Lifetime Warranty against Manufacturing Defects (only if purchased directly from 'Zelite Infinity' - check item is ""sold by Zelite-Infinity""). This Damascus kitchen knife set and block have been built with Perfection in Mind. Ideal Multipurpose Cutlery Gift (Christmas, Weddings, Birthdays, Fathers Day, Mothers Day), for Home Cooks, Professional Chef’s, Culinary Students and more. You can't lose. Limited Supply, Order Now before they"

KIRITSUKE DESIGN-A blade length of 9” and overall length of 14”.This multi-use knife will take care of any task necessary of a professional chef.Kiritsuke was given the delightful nickname of “The Beast” by our professional chef partners.The traditional K-tip design is great for breaking down poultry joints, as well as, vegetables for every kind of mise en place. The feature of hammered dimples will allow for easier removal of product from blade without using hands to free product being prepped
FIndking’s Kiritsuke blade is comprised of VG-10 damascus steel. This knife boosts a hardness rating (HRC) of 60 (+/-2) it’s strong enough to trim the bark off of Yucca and retain an edge for the rest of the days cutting tasks. The blades cutting edge is double beveled. This ensures a multipurpose characteristic. RAZOR sharp enough for thin slices as well as durable enough to become your favorite new “workhorse” in any chef knife set.
THE HANDLE- The handle of Findking’s Kiritsuke is crafted from sapele mahogany with ebony wood and copper spacers. The length of the handle is 6.2” (16 cm) this allows the user a multitude of grips and utilizations of the blades cutting edge depending on the type of cut needing to be performed. Function as well as aesthetics is incorporated into every design consideration in our Kiritsuke. The handle is designed with beauty, comfort, stability, and precision as it’s foundation.
BALANCE/WEIGHT- The Findking Kiritsuke’s balance point runs from the spine to heel and weighs 0.6 lbs (296g). The mass of the weight is towards the tip of the blade which will enable the user less muscle/joint strain for the endurance cuts. If you need to breakdown 50 lbs of chicken or dice 10 lbs of celery this blade will save wear and tear to the users hands, wrists, and forearms.
EDGE COVER (SAYA) is crafted from ebony wood with a felt material inlaying the cover. This will allow the knife cover to stay on through the use of friction. Edge covers (saya) are important as they will protect the cutting edge of your blade and extends the length of time between honing and sharpening."

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece stamped, which produces a strong blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 56-57.
The over-sized, hygienic, molded, seamless polypropylene handles provide comfort for the extreme demands of a commercial kitchen.
Handcrafted in Santa Catarina, Portugal.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

CLEAR UP KITCHEN COUNTER & SPACE-SAVING - A double-sided magnetic design can easily hold up to 12 knives, with additional storage on the back to hold your cutting board. Knives are easily accessible when you need them, there is no need to rummage in drawers looking for knives. ENOKING knife block magnetic not only can keep your kitchen countertop neat and organized but also showcase your knife collection, beautiful and elegant.
POWERFUL DOUBLE-SIDED MAGNETIC DESIGN - Built-in multiple enhanced black magnetic stripes, wide-coverage, strong adsorption to secure the knife blades securely in place, even if cutlery widgets, no need to worry about falling off. Also suitable for common household kitchen knives and other metal kitchen tools (steak knife, chef knife, scissors, sharpener).
PROTECT ACRYLIC SHIELD & ANTI-SLIP FEET - Transparent acrylic protection eliminates potential injuries caused by sharp knife blades, essential for families with children or pets. The anti-slip base design makes the tool placement more arbitrary and stable, and no need to worry about slipping or shaking. The acrylic shield can be disassembled when you do not need it.
MADE of NATURAL HIGH-QUALITY ACACIA WOOD - Durable & sturdy with a beautiful pattern texture that complements any kitchen. Unlike a magnetic knife strip or magnetic knife bar, wooden material prevents knives from getting dull, as they prevent unnecessary friction with other metals.
NO INSTALLATION NEEDED & EASY TO CLEAN - Save the tedious installation steps, ENOKING knife stand won't damage your walls or kitchen countertops. The surface is smooth and delicate with a clear view, easier to clean & maintain than slotted knife holders.
LIFETIME CUSTOMER SERVICE - All of the ENOKING product's packaging are upgraded to ensure that every product is delivered to you in perfect condition. If you have any needs, please don't hesitate to contact us. ENOKING always values each opportunity that can hear the customer's voice."

High QualityWILDMOK JIAO Series 6pcs knife block set includes: 1*Kiritsuke knife, 1*chef knife, 1*santoku knife, 1*nakiri knife, 1*utility knife and magnetic block holder. The holder has beautiful wood grain. Also these knives uses 3 layers 9CR18MOV Clad Steel. it has a strong toughness and can be kept in a long time sharp, whether chopping meat, fish, vegetables, cuts or fruit each piece is sliced with precision.
Extreme SharpnessThe ruthlessly sharp edge is handcrafted by seasoned artisans. The damascus steel blade is with a deep-etched damascus design and damascus super-steel core; 60 rockwell hardness, cutting edge is even more sharp and durable.
Premium Handle Material and Exceptional Comfortable Handle DesignSandalwood handle with signature decorative ""MO"" family name. The handle is designed to be comfortable for long sessions in the kitchen; it’s a bit larger, with more heft and knuckle clearance. The heel of knife is oval and polished for comfort.
CraftHandmade Traditional Forged Processing. The knife is handmade and perfectly balanced knife, reduce fatigue and facilitate precise control for professional use.
100% Satisfaction or Money Back Guarantee for You We promise a superior product that will give you a lifetime of exemplary service, try it risk free, we know you'll love it! With the luxury packing it is also the wise choice as a gift(Christmas, weddings, birthdays, fathers day, mothers day), for culinary students, home cooks, professional chefs and more."
"Curved bolster encourages cutting with improved precision
Pom handle is durable and resilient
Knife is forged from a single piece of special formula high
Fabricated from revolutionary FC61 fine carbide steel"

AUS-10D Japanese super steel as core of the blade, combined with high carbon soft steel, keeping a maximum sharpness hardness, rustproof and long lasting performance, even if working in a wet environment all day. What a exclusive super beautiful and cool damascus pattern!!
Sharpest Cutting Knife—You won't find a sharper knife anywhere else period. You'll be amazed how easy it is when chopping even the hardest of vegetables. This is a high-end Japanese style (TUO) cook’s knife with hammered finish (or tsuchime finish) and corrosion resistance stays sharp and clean. Its sleek design creates unmatched control and minimal slicing resistance.No tearing or squishing, only Ruthless Efficiency.
We’ve combined traditional craftsmanship and innovative technology to give you our first-class G10 handle. An ultra-premium G-10 handle of military grade strength for life-long durability, achieving highly impervious to heat, cold, moisture. Carefully hand polished, the ergonomic handle shape is engineered for superior hand control, agility and comfort. Hand-polished blade spine for smooth handling. With one mosaic handle, it is known as the best knife.
Without Any Knife Sharpeners. Because of the Aus-10D Japanese super steel, it shows us a extraordinary performance on RING D series knives. 62+ Rockwell hardness ensures that it can keep sharp and will not be dull for a long long time. So that you do not worry how to sharpen it in the future. It means that the razor sharp edge will not change even if you sharpen it yourself.
We promise a superior product that will give you a lifetime of exemplary service. With the luxury case it is also the wise choice as a gift (Christmas, weddings, birthdays, fathers day, mothers day), for culinary students, home cooks, professional chefs and more. Choose TUO , and NEVER STOP TUOING! Our team is serving you ALL DAY, help you to deal with your problem or get rid of the confusion. Operating in good faith for the purpose, treasure every opportunity, attention to every customer."

You will find yourself using the Messermeister Meridian Elité 3.5” Spear Point Paring Knife daily for a variety of tasks requiring accuracy. This knife has a fine edge blade that tapers to a point and is designed to be an all-purpose knife, similar to a chef's knife, except smaller. The compact blade and molded handle will facilitate trimming, peeling and slicing of produce.
The Messermeister Meridian Elité knife collection defines tradition with a triple rivet, full-exposed tang handle. These knives are of the finest German stainless steel alloy and fitted with the most durable industrial strength, ergonomic handle in the world. Meridian Elité knives are handcrafted and polished one at a time using the same techniques that have been the hallmark of fine Solingen-made cutlery that have stood the test of time.
The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece, hot-drop hammer forged, which produces the strongest blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 57-58.
The three-step, 15 degree “Elite” edge is hand stropped on a cloth wheel, creating the sharpest possible cutting surface on an edged tool.
The bolsterless heel simplifies all cutting, sharpening & honing tasks, making use of the entire blade from heel to tip.
Handcrafted in the historic cutlery capital of Solingen, Germany.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

Design Purity. A collection of stunningly designed, all-steel knives, offering a minimalist aesthetic with unobtrusive beauty. The less is more approach to this series’ design ensures a perfect pairing with any decor, while the razor sharp German made ThyssenKrupp x50crmov15 blade steel at 58+ Rockwell delivers exceptional performance. Painstakingly hand sharpened to 16-18 degrees per side, maintaining the perfect balance between ultra-thin slicing and maximum resilience.
A Single Piece of Razor Sharp Steel. A seamless and sleek transition from the blade to a high-chromium stainless steel handle characterizes the knives with an aggressive, forward moving stance. The sharply drawn lines forming the profile of each knife are indicative of modern design, while the ‘fuller' groove machined into every blade is reminiscent of historical medieval swords, welding the past and present together.
Ultimate Function & Performance. The stylized groove along the knife offers the added benefits of reducing friction and stuck on food, while also subtly lightening the knife and improving balance. Full tang blade for added strength and robustness. Beautifully hand polished to a satin finish, with a tapered design for for hardness and flexibility. Precisely tempered for resilience with a polished spine to facilitate a comfortable pinch grip.
Included is the 'Dalstrong Scabbard', a beautifully designed, hand-crafted blade sheath with engraved magnet to hold the knife securely in place. A smart and stylish way to protect your blades and fingers. Like a modern version of the medieval, steel-clad knight, the Crusader Series knife is a strikingly pure tool, ready and waiting to be your champion in culinary battle. National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) certified.
See why thousands of professional chefs and home cooks love and trust the DALSTRONG DIFFERENCE. 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it!"

 COOK LIKE A PRO - Every chef needs a trusty knife. Our handmade Damascus knife is balanced yet sharp and built to last. Prepping meat, fish, chicken, and vegetables has never been easier!
 BEAUTIFULLY CRAFTED BLADE - Our 67-layer knife is made with premium Damascus steel wrapped around a superior VG10 core. It has the right thickness that doesn’t sacrifice any of its cutting power.
 EXCELLENT WEIGHT & GRIP - Handling our Damascus chef knife is easy, thanks to its ideal weight, dimensions, and full tang grip. It feels like an extension of your arm, making it comfortable to use.
 ENDURING SHARPNESS - We hand sharpened the blade and made sure that the sharpness lasts. You’ll be finding this Damascus kitchen knife handy for long before you ever need to sharpen it again!
 SATISFACTION GUARANTEED - If by any chance this Damascus steel knife isn't up to your expectations, let us know and we’ll handle it. We’ll facilitate your refund or replacement immediately."

HIGHEST QUALITY: Extra sharp damascus knife / professional knife with blade of Japanese damascus steel, blade hardness: 60±2HRC
PERFECT SIZE: 11-inch length, blade 7-inch –Damascus steel Vg-10 sharp professional Santoku kitchen knife perfect for professional cooking and hobby cooking.
PERFECT GIFT: For yourself or friends who love to cook and with heart and passion conjure a special dish. It is perfect for slicing, dicing, chopping, and mincing of fruits, vegetables, bonesless meats, and fish.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE: Perfectly balanced and with ergonomically shaped handle is designed for comfort and control. Made of Rosewood for beautiful nature colour and fatigue-free handling."

15 Inches x 2 Inches x 2 MM Thickness - Ladder Pattern Custom Handmade Damascus Steel Billet Bar Blank Blade for Knife Making - Jewellery Making - Cutlery Making and for Other Making Purpose.
Quality material used 1095 / 15N20 alloy steels (352 true layers)
Our all items are 100% handmade and 100% original damascus steel - If you have any kind of question about our item please contact us
We also have more than 15 types of patterns in different size on demand.
Acid etched stunning pattern and annealed with best quality guaranteed"

Super damascus steel 67 layer with 9Cr18 core chef's knife with pakka wood handle , high quality, razor sharp.
Superb performance in kitchen for slicing and dicing fruits, vegetables and meat.
Knife Weight-285g, Knife Length-13""/ 330mm, Blade Length-8""/ 203mm, HRC (hardness) 60±2, sharp corrosion.
A wonderful present is ready for your family, friends and yourself. Get this amazing cutting tools today. All people keen on cooking will love it.
100% Guarantee. Made in China exclusively for MSY BIGSUNNY."

G2 micro-carbide powder steel
Authentic thin Japanese blade profile
Hand-honed using the three-step Honbazuke process to a 9.5 to 12 degree edge"

PERFECTED STEAK KNIFEThe Black Hawk 5 inch Steak Knife is designed for cutting steak, there are four knives to allow you and your family to enjoy a delicious meal together. The serrated edge provide the stunning cutting ability, so that you can cut through the tender steak with minimal effort.
PEAK PERFORMANCEFeaturing special-forged German stainless steel with a precise vacuum heat-treatment, nitrogen cryogenic tempering and traditional 3-step Honbazuke method, the blade of Black Hawk series ensures you the superb hardness, flexibility, sharpness and lasting performance. No tearing or squishing, only Ruthless Efficiency!
ERGONOMIC DESIGNEach handle is made of Pakkawood, which is from Africa and is famous for its insulation,anti corrosion,wear-resisting, anti acid and alkalis and so on. With this kind of premium handle, you and your family can grip the ergonomically full tang handle comfortably with large or small hands and minimize wrist tension. Great handle makes prepping food and cooking is no longer a chore.
SLEEK AND SIMPLE LOOKThe blade is hand polished for many times, shining with silver light. The high-grade black handle forms a strong contrast with the silver blade, which is very eye-catching. The silver rivet on the handle echoes with the silver blade, making the whole knife look very advanced and luxurious.
100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEEWe guarantee a superior product that will give you a lifetime guarantee against manufacturer defects. With the beautiful case, it is the wise choice as a gift. Just try it risk-free and it will definitely surprise you！"

ULTIMATE SET! Our knife set is all you are going to need to make all of your meals! There is no need for tons of knives, only a few premium ones! This package includes a total of 3 knives! A Chef Knife, a Santoku Knife, and a Paring Knife! You are going to be an unstoppable chef using these knives! They cover all the bases from meats, slicing, peeling and dicing! Food items large and small are no match for our sharp Damascus steel!
LUXURY BOX! To compliment our gorgeous stainless steel knives we are including a finished wooden box! Inside you open our box to sleek, laser-cut pockets for each knife! Our knife set box allows you to store the easily or show them off! You don't have to worry about a bulky knife block on your countertop! The included packaging protects your knives and fits seamlessly in a drawer! Not to mention it makes a wonderful present in a gift box!
STUNNING HANDLE! A hallmark of a premium chef knife set is the handle! Crafted using water-resistant pakkawood! Our handle material withstands hard usage and washing! You never have to worry bout our chef knives cracking! They are a gorgeous dark brown resin color! The whole set adds sophistication to your kitchen tools! Cutting, slicing, and peeling are going to become a new experience using our knives!
FORGED TOUGH! The art of Damascus takes quality steel, expert craftsmanship and a gorgeous result! Our company prides itself in quality! We use a premium VG-10 stainless steel core to ensure long-lasting toughness! Kitchen cutlery set to surely wow your guests and make you more efficient while creating yummy dishes!
U.S.A. Design and Testing: While our products are manufactured overseas, ALL of our DESIGN AND TESTING was done right here in the United States. Our USA customer service team stands by to provide you with exceptional, lightning quick responses to your every concern. Your satisfaction is our #1 priority."

Premium quality materials distilled into high-performing, no-frills bladed tools sure to get the job done right. Superior blade construction. Expertly handcrafted with ultra-sharp 7cr17mov high-carbon stainless steel. Increased carbon and chromium count for unparalleled edge retention at 57-59 HRC versus other similar Swiss competitors. Thoughtfully engineered for the chef, butcher and any other culinary professionals.
Go the distance. Knives that can take a beating and keep on performing. Boasting full tang for extra strength and durability, these knives give you the highest performance possible per dollar spent. Expertly hand-sharpened to a screamingly sharp edge at 14-15 degrees per side giving you a steeper blade edge that lasts longer over it’s competitors. Each stain and corrosion resistant blade is brought to a beautiful polish by hand before undergoing rigorous quality control tests.
Chef-Certified. The precisely engineered ABS/TPE polymer blend black ‘Crius' handle ensures a heat, cold and moisture resistant grip, and a satisfyingly secure hold - even in wet or greasy environments. Chef approved ergonomic handle design is engineered for superior hand control, agility and comfort. Perfectly balanced to minimize hand and write fatigue to endure any culinary challenge. Remain confident in your control in even the busiest of kitchens.
Built to maintain the highest of standards. The easy-clean ‘Crius’ handle is molded perfectly to the blade to prevent food or unwanted particles from entering any crevice, promising the ultimate sanitary food prep that is essential for professional kitchens. National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) certified.
Titan Forge Pro Series Promise: 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Ultimate customer service experience for the ultimate professional."

Supreme Damascus Steel UpgradedWKNDKIT kitchen knife is made from very good quality Japanese VG10 steel core, 67 layers forging. With Damascus knife craft, its hardness reach 60±2HRC. And this technique will appear a unique pattern also for each knife. So it's very sharp and have a fascinating look.
Fashion & SharpWith Damascus knife craft, WKNDKIT kitchen knife is very sharp and beautiful. It will make you to cut your food very easily. Special craft give it a very unique and elegent waved pattern, it's the noble of the knifves indeed.
Super sharp BladeWKNDKIT chef knife have 2 side sharpen blade(each side less than 15°). It's sharpen by hand craft so it's very sharp and will keep a long time sharp. So it will be your best choice for your kitchen cutting and food processing.
Charming HandleWKNDKIT chef knife have a charming handle made from high quality resin and wood, very elegant and beautiful. Fine grinding and polishing by hand, it have a perfect curve of ergonomics. Special surface treatment make it easy to hold.
Multi Function and Perfect giftDamascus Steel Chef Knife are very sharpen, it can cut the meats, vegetables and fruits. Its high end looking is so fashion and elegent so it will be the perfect gifts to the one you love."

Sg2 (Mc63) micro-carbide powder steel
Designed to Master blade Smith Bob kramer's exacting specifications
Traditional 3-Step hand sharpening for exceptionally high sharpness
Edge angle 9-12 degrees on each side"

Offered by GladiatorsGuild for kitchen, Camping & Hunting
Blade Lengths:
to Protect your Damascus kitchen knives set, BE SURE to dry & apply VEGETABLE OIL after each use."

Our advantageErgonomically colored wood handles - classic Triple rivets and full tang design, maximize durability and stress tolerance,which wood grain only gets better with age. Carefully select high quality Pepper Shakers,Oil Sprayer and Tongs for you, fully meet the daily needs of the family and BBQ,best gift for grads, newlyweds, or anyone setting up a first-time kitchen.
Professional quality knife setMade of german high-carbon stainless steel for precision and accuracy.Thanks to high-end knife-making technology, it has been heat-treated several times, which greatly improves the durability of the knives as well as their rust-proof ability. includes: 8"" chef knife, 8"" carving knife, 5.7"" Santoku knife, 5"" utility knife, 3.5"" paring knife, 6 pieces 5"" serrated steak knives, kitchen shears,wood knife block,sharpening rod, Pepper Shakers,Oil Sprayer ,Tongs.
Steak knives- stainless steel reinforced endcap Compared with other kitchen knife sets in the market, the steak knife is equipped with wooden head, our steak knife is all stainless steel reinforced endcap , with higher cost and more durable handle. Please pay attention to this point when you purchase comparison.
A complete set of SolutionsThe red knife block not only looks stylish and classic, but also insulates knives from moisture and enhances rust resistance, makes storage more convenien. We Carefully select high quality Pepper Shakers,Oil Sprayer and Tongs for you, its all made of 304 stainless steel, Provide convenience and ritual when cooking at home and BBQ.
Easy care and After-sales  Please Hand Clean And Don't Use Dish Washer. Giving you 100% satisfaction feedback within 24 hours to solve your worries, you can fully trust Astercook and our products will give you confidence!"

3-1/2-inch straight Japanese paring knife; ideal for peeling, paring, or chopping
Precision-forged high-carbon stainless-steel blade; holds a razor-sharp edge
Clad with16 layers of stainless steel to produce a rust-free Damascus look
Durable D-shaped Pakkawood handle; comfortable offset steel bolster
lifetime warranty; manufactured in Seki City, Japan"

Professional Paring Knife: STEINBRÜCKE 4 inch paring knife is designed for peeling, slicing and coring fruits and vegetables. Their blades are precisely sharpened on both sides, allowing for an extremely clean cut. This high-quality small knife can turn cooking from a chore into a delight.
Superior Quality: This paring knife is forged from a German high-carbon stainless steel 5Cr15MoV, with a precise vacuum heat-treatment and nitrogen cryogenic tempering, greatly enhancing the hardness (up to HRC58) and corrosion resistance. Our dedication to using quality materials and precision manufacturing ensures superb hardness, flexibility and long lasting use.
Super Sharp Edge: Double-sided cutting edge is hand-polished 3 times by skilled craftsmen to ensure its sharpness and durability, allowing you to effortlessly cut food into any shape you want. After use, simply clean and dry thoroughly this petty knife razor sharp for a long time.
Excellent Design: Each curve and angle of the handle is ergonomically designed to provide a comfortable and flexible grip. Full tang structure with triple rivets also bring you better balance, making it easy to grip and keep in place. These two excellent design features make this petty knife easier to manipulate.
Warranty: STEINBRÜCKE provides maximum customer satisfaction and all STEINBRÜCKE knives are backed by a lifetime warranty on manufacturers defects. If you have any problems, please feel free to contact us."

Well-designed Forged Chef KnifeThe forged knife release food easily when slicing or dicing and is great for vegetables, fruits, fish, and meats.
Premium Handle Material and Traditional Octagonal DesignTraditional octagonal rosewood handle for a durable yet balanced and comfortable grip. Combined with its unbeatable balance, you can experience the knife's maximum comfort and reduce strain on your arm so you can look like a professional while developing your highest culinary expression.
Extreme Sharpness Using 9CR18MOV core steel protected with 2 layers of 316 stainless steel. After high temperature heat treatment Hardness could be stable at 60±2HRC and durable sharpness.
Craft Handmade Traditional Forged Processing. WILDMOK chef knives are designed to show the beauty of eastern chef’s knives and focusing on comfortable, efficiency for the everyday.
100% Satisfaction or Money Back Guarantee for You We promise a superior product that will give you a lifetime of exemplary service, try it risk free, we know you'll love it! With the luxury packing it is also the wise choice as a gift(Christmas, weddings, birthdays, fathers day, mothers day), for culinary students, home cooks, professional chefs and more."

Sharp Blade - The chef knife's blade is polish by hand, has a special particularly waved pattern,it is comfortable to the touch.The blade's sharp edge can reduce food and knife friction,keeping food from sticking to the blade.Placing the cleaver on the food and softly push,it goes right thru. It is extremely sharp and sturdy.It's suitable for cutting meat,fruits, vegetables, fish, and sushi.The flat surface of blade is utilized for crushing garlic cloves.
Handle Design - The cleaver's handle is made of PP + wooden coating material with pretty grain pattern face,anti-slip.And it's ergonomic water drop handle shape design can be for exceptional comfort and durability,ensuring ease of movement.
Size & Weight - 7"" blade,3.07"" wide,weights 0.49Lbs.This chinese chefs knife has a solid feel, while flexibly sliced and diced,ideal for vegetable meat preparation.
Blade Material - 67 layers damascus steel,premium 9cr high carbon steel as core of the blade and forged.This Chinese chef knife has high rust-resistance,wear-resistance and long-lasting performance,easy to routine maintain.Also can provide a maximum sharpness.
Multifunctional Kitchen Knife - It can be used almost all kinds of slicing dicing and mincing,also suitable for home and restaurant use.Giving you more fun of cutting food,and make you easy cooking."

Eagles Razor Series Difference - Razor Series Steak knife set is an amazing addition for your kitchen arsenal. It includes 4 steak knives plus a lovely gift box with user manual. At 5 inches long, it's easy to handle and the sharp edge easily slices through a variety of foods. These high quality stainless steel knives easily slice through steaks, pork tenderloin or chicken. Their simple styling makes them a great looking addition to any dining table.
Eagles Quality - Forged from a single piece of steel and hand sharpened with high-carbon German imported steel, this knife is built to last for life. This knife has a high degree of corrosion resistance as well as impressive physical strength and edge preservation characteristics because of the balance of its carbon and chromium content.
Exceptional Cutting - Our blade is made with extreme precision forging, with a sharp edge to perform any of your kitchen desires. Hand Polished edge at 14 degrees per side, imported high carbon German steel makes the exceptional outcome which will serve you for lifelong.
Outstanding Craftsmanship – Full tang, precisely forged blade with imported Premium Pakkawood handle is the result of luxury grip. Triple Rivet on the handle adds up to our elite design. . Our precious blade is heat-treated to a very high degree of 56 Rockwell hardness while maintaining durability tend to stay sharp the longest. Ease of sharpening, or restoring the edge, is at its finest, giving the blade outstanding look and quality.
Money Back Guarantee - Not only do our knives come with a Guarantee against manufacturing defects, but our MONEY BACK GUARANTEE lets you try this amazing knife risk free. If you aren’t 100% satisfied with our product, just return it to us for a full refund. See for yourself why chefs prefer the Eagle Power Series knives. Now you can have the same slicing luxury and power as top chefs right in your own home."


Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, Swedish Sandvik 14C28N Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. Holds an edge up to 5 times longer than German Steel.
Set includes: 8"" chef's knife, 7” santoku knife, 8” bread knife, 5"" serrated utility knife, 3.5"" paring knife and a solid walnut wood block that houses each knife perfectly.
A set of quality knives is the foundation of any kitchen. Whether it’s deboning a chicken or peeling an apple, this professional-grade set contains the knives necessary for completing any kitchen task.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

 Premium MaterialManufactured from high-quality German stainless steel (1.4116) that maintains its functionality for a long time. Its 15% of Chromium is great evidence of high corrosion resistance. Meanwhile, 0.55% of carbon and a bit of Vanadium improves hardness and wear resistance. With a 58+ HRC, the 4116 steel knife has good edge retention.
Incredibly Razor SharpEach blade edge is hand-honed and precisely polished to achieves 12-15 degrees per side to ensure excellent cutting performance.
 Well Balance & Good GripFeaturing an ergonomic handle made from Pakkawood that is resilient and ultra-durable, this exceptional kitchen knife is perfect weighted and well balanced for easy controlling. The unique shape is ergonomically crafted for optimum comfort, control, and agility.
 Multi-Purpose Use Acting as a more maneuverable tool in the kitchen, this paring knife effortlessly handles precision-oriented tasks like mincing a shallot, making perfect orange segments,peeling apples and deveining shrimp;
  100% Service Guarantee Enjoy your risk-free shopping on Keemake. If, for any reason, your product proves to be unsatisfactory, feel free to contact our 24x7 hrs customer service for the items' replacement or refund."

EXECUTIVE CHEF - CELEBRITY EDITION DESIGN: Taking Chef Knives to a Complete New Level – Breathtakingly Beautiful yet Functionally Elite! Japanese AUS-10 Super Steel with 45-layer High Carbon Stainless Steel, Polished with our Globally Recognised Tsunami Rose Damascus Pattern, Including the Hammered Tsuchime Finish ensures YOU will be the Executive Chef Setting the Kitchen Standard for others to Follow! Set in Unreal Top Premium Packaging, Unrivalled Performance!
DEEP 56mm STUNNING BLADES, LEATHER SHEATH: Engineered to Perfection our 56mm Deep Blade Ensures Maximum Knuckle Clearance and has been Designed to Encourage the Rocking-Motion Style of Cutting. The Blade is Non-Stick, Boasts a Staggering Rockwell Hardness HRC 61 and is Liquid Nitrogen Cooled Improving even further the Stain and Rust Resistance properties! Ultra-Premium Leather Sheath, unlike Competitors Cheap Plastic counterparts provides Total Protection in a Class of its Own!
INNOVATIVE HUMPBACK TRIPLE RIVETED HANDLE: ""Hump Back"" handle is a World-First, ZELITE Exclusive Design consulted by a panel of Physicians & Executive Chefs to fit your hand like no other Knife! Handle Functionality, Comfort & Beauty Perfected –27 piece Steel/Copper Mosaic, Black&Grey Forged G10 Handle Shaped for Kitchen Champions, Full tang -Strength, Durability & Control. Tapered Bolster, Extreme Comfort, Perfect Balance! Designed to Exceed all other Knives; you’re going to Love it!
UNRIVALLED PERFORMANCE, PERIOD: Hand Finished using Traditional 3-Step Honbazuke Method this Blade has Incredible Pro Razor Sharp 12 degree per Side Mirror Polished Cutting Angle Ensuring Incredible Sharpness & Safety with Effortless Slicing of Meat, Fish, Vegetable, Fruit and more Every Time Effortlessly. Finished with Our Aerodynamic AUS 10 Blade Heel for the Final Statement of Complete Beauty! You want to Step Up to Executive Chef Level, make a Smart Choice and Thank Yourself Later
100% SATISFACTION or MONEY BACK GUARANTEE – TRY IT RISK FREE: Lifetime Warranty against Manufacturing Defects (only if purchased from ‘Zelite Infinity’ – check “sold by Zelite Infinity”). Our Chef Knifes have been built with Perfection in Mind. Ideal Multipurpose Cutlery Cooking / Chopping Gift (Christmas, Weddings, Birthdays, Fathers Day, Mothers Day), for Home Cooks, Professional Chef’s, Culinary Students and more. You can’t lose. Limited Supply, Order Now before they are Sold Out!"

Kitchen Knife Blades Made from Premium Grade 5Cr15MoV, High Carbon Stainless Steel
Knife Block made from 100% Solid Oak Wood
Knives Feature Stainless steel handles , sculptured to fit perfectly into your hand
Perfect for the budding Chef at home in the kitchen. Both Amateur or Professional
Knives are Designed to hold Their Edge and offer a sharper cut"


AFFORDABLE FILLET KNIFE DEPENDABILITY: Maxam's Fillet Knife is a durably crafted precision fisherman's cutting tools that rapidly slice, trim and skin an entire day's catch with remarkable speed and efficiency.
POWERFUL CORROSION RESISTANT BLADES: Forged out of robust 420 stainless steel for maximum dependability, our filet knife measures a total of 12.25"" overall with a 7 5/8"" stainless Steel Blade giving you years of reliable use.
COMFORTABLE FILLET AND BAIT KNIFE CONSTRUCTION: Engineered with a stylishly designed pakkawood handle and a long lasting overall structure, our rugged fillet and bait knives have a nice amount of heft to them and feel secure in either hand.
RELIABLE SHEATHING PROTECTION: Utilizing strong nylon sheaths to protect their blades while preventing injury, our innovatively designed precision fillet knive can be stored in any secure place for fast, easy, thoroughly safe access."

Always Gift Ready: Coming in an elegant and modern gift package, the Ignited 5 pieces Damascus Kitchen Knives Set is perfect for any occasion: wedding, birthday party, ceremony gathering and festivals. This is a delicate and practical gift for everyone.
Perfect For Any Kitchen: The Ignited 5 pieces Damascus Kitchen Knives Set includes an 8-inch chef knife, 7-inch Santoku knife, a 6-inch chef knife, a 5-inch utility knife and a 3.5-inch paring knife, which means it can cover most of the daily kitchen tasks, from meat slicing to fruit cutting.
AUS-10 Blade and G-10 Handle: The perfect material combination provides excellent using experience in sharpness and rustproofness. The G-10 handle forms around the knife's tang and is impervious to heat, cold and moisture.
Comfortable, Durable And Reliable: With pleasant ergonomic design, the Ignited knives are well-balanced and easy to hold firmly. The knives are also ultra-durable and high-performance due to the Damascus Stainless Steel. A microfiber cloth is coming with the box for effortless maintenance."

Offered by GladiatorsGuild for kitchen, Camping & Hunting
Custom or Hand made damascus knife set
Exquisite piece for master chef"

THE DAMASCUS SERIES - Our flagship series and the culmination of our passion for knives. Lovingly designed by our master artisans to reflect centuries of traditional knife design, paired with cutting-edge nitrogen-cooled forging techniques & the highest-grade Damascus Steel for unparalleled craftsmanship. Their gorgeous, military-aircraft-grade G10 handles are perfectly balanced & contoured for amazing comfort & safety, with spectacularly sharp blades.
DAMASCUS STEEL - The reputation of Damascus steel is legendary because it holds its edge better than any other steel on earth. It is formed from 67 folded layers of AUS-10V steel, causing its distinctive waved and patterned design. Aside from its elegant, sleek, look, and beautiful aesthetics, Damascus Steel is highly valued, as it is extremely hard and flexible. (In a historic context, weapons forged from Damascus steel are vastly superior in battle than those formed from any other steel)
STRIKINGLY SHARP - Individually handcrafted & hand-sharpened by our virtuoso technicians in the complex 3-stage traditional Honbazuke method to 16° per side for clean, precise, cuts. Our own 67-Layer AUS-10V Japanese Steel formula adds enhanced corrosion resistance & non-stick properties, and these Precision-Forged, Nitrogen-Cooled, blades have a Rockwell Hardness of 62+ for maximum strength, flexibility, & blade edge durability. Damascus steel also holds its edge better than any other steel.
A DREAM TO HOLD - Beautifully adorned with a mosaic pin of brass & copper, this knife’s military-aircraft-grade G10 handle will feel as if it were made just for you, specifically. Its graceful bolster & knuckle clearance keeps your fingers safe & it has Full Tang Strength for a lifetime of use. Impact-resistant & nearly impervious to heat, cold, & moisture, its seamless build also ensures that debris can’t infiltrate its body, keeping it sanitary & hygienic.
CONSTRUCTED TO LAST FOREVER - This knife will be your culinary companion for life & comes with Kessaku’s 100% LIFETIME WARRANTY. Because we work tirelessly to ensure you’re delivered a true quality culinary masterpiece, all of our knives come with our Kessaku True Lifetime Warranty. Our very highest priority is that you are completely thrilled with our products and truly in love with our brand. Contact us with any issue or concern and we will immediately do our absolute best to make it right."

Professional Multi-FunctionalThis cleaver knife is suitable for cutting bread, vegetables, fillets and meats. It truly is the all-around cooking knife for chopping, slicing, mincing and dicing.
Hig-Quality MaterialOur meat knife is manufactured from high-quality German 5Cr15Mov carbon stainless steel, Hardness of 58 HRC makes its functionality for a long time. The steel contents very rich carbon which makes our chinese knife more durable and sharp than others, and will not rust corrosion and discoloration.
Ultra-SharpHand-polished and mirror polished by craftsmen with decades of experience to ensure its durability, The thickness of this chinese cleaver knife is 3mm, 17° per side of the blade which is sturdy and sharp to get the job done perfectly. Wide blade design keeps the cook's fingers away from the cutting surface.
Ergonomic DesignOur butcher cleaver knife's blade is integrated with an elite wood handle, creating the perfect grip, reduce the wear of the user's fingers and relieve hand fatigue, ensuring ease of movement.
100% Quality SatisfactionWe are really have confident with our meat butcher knife will be best choice. Order it now and you will enjoy a 30-day money back service if this kit doesn't completely satisfy you."

Stunning Colored Bone Handle with Damascus Steel Pattern
Damascus steel needs special care to avoid rust - Not suitable for dishwasher or Hot Water
Damascus Steel Bolsters - Handmade Leather Sheath included"

High Quality Stainless SteelThe thick and sturdy blade of the knife is made of 5Cr15 carbon steel that resists rust and corrosion, easy to sharpen, clean and maintain.
Sharp BladeThis knife uses a V-shaped and fine processing blade, which can maintain the sharpness of the kitchen knife for a long time with incredible robustness and quality.
Ergonomic Handle Handle design of the chef knife makes it easy to grip, and it can prevent the meat cleaver breaking down or dropping. The full tang pakkawood handle enhances the handholds touch to make the knife easy to hold, so you will not feel tired for using a long time.The cleaver is a great beauty, impeccable performance this strong design with a good strength, durability.
Multifunction Kitchen KnifeStainless steel kitchen knife is a multifunction cutlery knife, which is designed for professional applications, suitable for cutting, dicing, slicing, chopping with vegetables, fruit, meat and bone, adding satisfaction and enjoyment of kitchen experience.
Practical Perfect GiftThe Hand forged chef knife is equipped with mini Whetstone and leather sheath, it can protect the blade well and you can put on a belt for easy carrying when camping outdoor, suitable for kitchen, hiking, camping, hunting, fishing, and party barbecues to carry the knife, it’s an excellent gift with beautiful packing for Birthdays, Weddings, Christmas, Father's Day, Mother's Day, and more."

VG10 super steel
Authentic thin Japanese blade profile
Hand-honed using the three-step Honbazuke process to 9.5 to 12 degree edge
CRYODUR blade ice-hardened to Rockwell 60
65-layer flower Damascus design with a katana edge
Rounded spine and heel
Three-rivet handle made of glass-bead-enhanced POM"


High Quality Carbon SteelThe thick and sturdy blade of the knife is made of 3Cr13 carbon steel.its blade is hammer design, and uses a V-shaped and fine processing blade, which can maintain the sharpness of the kitchen knife for a long time with incredible robustness and quality.
Particular Design The chef cleaver knife is well designed, the superbly balanced and the weight simply makes the cutting more pleasure and powerful. Black traditional Hammer Texture looks beautiful.
Ergonomic Handle Full Tang handle design of the chef knife makes it easy to grip and hassle-free maneuvering, and can prevent the meat cleaver breaking down or dropping. Premium Wenge Wood Handle enhances the handholds touch to make the knife easy to hold, so you will not feel tired for using a long time.The cleaver is a great beauty, impeccable performance this strong design with a good strength, durability.
Multifunction Kitchen KnifeStainless steel kitchen knife is a multifunction cutlery knife, which is designed for professional applications, suitable for cutting, dicing, slicing with vegetables, fruit, meat and bone, adding satisfaction and enjoyment of kitchen experience.
Practical Perfect GiftThe slicing chef knife is equipped with mini Whetstone and leather sheath, it can protect the blade well and you can put on a belt for easy carrying when camping outdoor, suitable for kitchen, hiking, camping, hunting, fishing, and party barbecues to carry the knife, it’s an excellent gift with beautiful packing for Birthdays, Weddings, Christmas, Father's Day, Mother's Day, and more."

Germany High Quality Steel  KONOLL series uses Germany steel - 5CR15MOV. A great steel for the everyday use of any chef. With an HRC of 56+/-2 it will take an angled edge and hold it for long enough to help extend the life of your knife (w/ general maintenance). The clad dimple allow for easy food release while slicing or dicing. This blade is great for vegetables, fruits, fish, and meats. [Please refrain from cutting frozen products as this may detriment the knife's edge.]
Weight/Balance  The balance point runs heel to spine up the billet. Allowing the user a comfortable grip with precise cuts, and less wear and tear on the users hands. The weight is towards the blade of the knife making for efficient use during rock chopping motion.
Steel blade with high-carbon  The professional 8 inch bread knife is made from high-quality steel. And to boost its sturdiness, the steel contains 0.6%-0.75% carbon, making it two times as hard as other knives in its class as they contain just 0.3% carbon.
Multifunctional Sharp Knife This professional 8 inch bread knife is classified and designed to be a multipurpose kitchen knives for professional applications. This sharp knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks like chopping, slicing, dicing, mincing for bread, fruits, meat, and cheese.
LIFETIME WARRANTY  100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE,Lifetime warranty against defects or workmanship, Try it risk free.If you try it， You will love it and you can't extricate yourself!"

Premium Meat CleaverBetter quality of the sharp edge of the blade guaranteed , perfect grip , quality finishes , hard edge and cutting, the cutting edge to keep after the rough and tough use , great work of art for a perfect kitchen knife as well as fully functional.
9Cr18Mov Steel This butcher chef knife is made of high carbon 9Cr18Mov stainless Steel, the handle and the blade are integrated without soldering, which is firm and durable to eliminate broken handle
Particular Hand forged Design - Hand forged chef cleaver knife is well designed with beautiful and practical liner, the superbly balanced and the weight simply makes the cutting more pleasure and powerful. The Chinese 10.6 inch meat cleaver knife is perfect for cutting, chopping, slicing, deboning, cleaving meats, light bone, vegetable, and coconut,easily to re-sharpen, clean and maintain.
Well Balanced Kitchen KnifeThe balance between blade and handle is very well balanced. The ergonomic handle made from Pakkawood offers superior comfort to minimize fatigue, numbness or pain. Ideal for people who use it frequently for cooking
Why Choose Us?Our cleaver adopted vacuum heated treatment and cooling treatment makes the blade really sharp and durable. Order this meat cleaver with your peace of mind assured thanks to its strong and lifelong warranty and ZENG JIA DAO's usual friendly customer service!"

The Omega Series Knives are a precision made instrument. Ideal for briskets, roasts, ham, turkey, sides of salmon, and expertly suited for prepping large fruits and vegetables, slicing bread loaves and layer cakes, the screamingly sharp blade ensures ultra-thin, uniform slices in a single stroke. These Knives are a required addition for every pitmaster, chef, baker, home cook, & more.
The “LiquidMetal” pattern on the blade reduces drag and increases efficiency, allowing you to glide through prep. Featuring ultra-premium American forged BD1N-VX hyper steel, the addition of Nitrogen increases hardness, flexibility, and toughness, while the blade's composition and added vacuum heat-treatment to 63HRC provide astonishing performance, with a screamingly sharp edge. Painstakingly finished to 8-12° per side by expert blade smiths using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method.
The G10 woven fibreglass handle is near impervious to heat, cold and moisture and is presented in a midnight black with subtle dark red colorings. Centered in the full-tang handle is an ornate and over-sized copper and brass mosaic, creating a distinct and striking appearance. The painstakingly detailed craftsmanship continues with the Dalstrong lionhead insignia carefully engraved on both the mirror-polished end-cap and blade itself.
A black PU leather sheath with button clip and distinctive red-stitching is also included to ensure the blades stylish protection and your own safety. Featuring all the precision, premium materials and workmanship you would expect from Dalstrong, only dialled up.
See why thousands of professional chefs and home cooks love and trust the DALSTRONG DIFFERENCE. 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it!"

BRAND NEW 11.5 INCHES HANDMADE DAMASCUS STEEL SERBIAN OUT DOOR CHEF / KITCHEN CLEAVER CHOPPER KNIFE COMES WITH LEATHER SHEATH
4.5 INCHES LONG MICARTA SCALES HANDLE . QUALITY FINISHED
7 INCHES LONG LADDER PATTERN Forged Damascus Steel (1095 / 4340) BLADE , HARDNESS IS 56-58 HRC
SOLID BUILT . DURABLE , Sharp and Hard Cutting Edge .
LEATHER SHEATH OF HIGH QUALITY VEGETABLE TANNED LEATHER"

Professional Vegetable KnifeThis professional 7'' nakiri knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks of chopping, cutting bread, vegetables, fillets or meats. A truly all-around kitchen knife will bring you more joy in the kitchen!
Ultra-Sharp EdgeSharpness is the key to an excellent Nakiri knife and this is evident in the knife's blade which is quite sharp and will remain this way even after tough tasks such as cutting tough meat or removing flesh from bones. The sharpness is further boosted by use of the latest German engineering.
Ergonomically HandleThe handle of the cleaver knife is made of pakkawood material from Africa, known for its comfort, strength and stability. The ergonomic shape perfectly balances the handle and the thin blade at the clip point, ensuring easy movement and easier cooking.
German High Carbon SteelThe blades of the Nakiri knives are made of specially forged German high-carbon stainless steel with a precise vacuum heat-treatment and nitrogen cryogenic tempering, bringing out the best characteristic of the steel, Prevent rusting, corrosion and discoloration.
100% Satisfaction Or Money Back GuaranteeThe special wave pattern blades are particularly eye-catching and make the perfect kitchen gift. We guarantee you will love it! We will also offer a 100% satisfaction or refund policy. And we offer a lifetime protection against defects in materials and workmanship."

Sg2 (Mc63) micro-carbide powder steel
Designed to Master blade Smith Bob Kramer's exacting specifications
Traditional 3-Step hand sharpening for exceptionally high sharpness
Stainless Damascus Paring Knife"

DYNASTY SERIES - Dazzling and opulent. Astonishingly formidable with unparalleled craftsmanship, our Dynasty Series knives were expertly designed by our master artisans to reflect centuries of traditional knife design, along with cutting-edge nitrogen-cooled forging techniques, and feature shockingly sharp cutting edges alongside perfectly balanced & ergonomic grips for amazing comfort and safety. Stylish & stunningly gorgeous, these knives are sure to draw the eye in any kitchen!
A BREATHTAKING BLADE — Ferociously sharp & made from our own specially formulated ThyssenKrupp German 1.4116 Stainless Steel for greatly enhanced corrosion & rust resistance, these Precision Forged, Nitrogen Cooled blades are individually handcrafted & hand-sharpened by our virtuoso technicians in the traditional 3-stage Honbazuke method to 16° per side for clean, precise, cuts, amazing edge-retention, & have a Rockwell Hardness of 58 for maximum strength, flexibility, & blade edge durability.
SENSATIONAL COMFORT — When you first grip the handle of this knife it will feel as if it were made for you specifically. Our hand-crafted G10 Fiber-Resin Handle is impact resistant, & nearly impervious to heat, cold, & moisture, while its seamless build ensures no dirt or debris can ever infiltrate its pristine body. Our ergonomic design has ample knuckle clearance for superior control and agility, with triple rivet construction and amazingly superior Full Tang Strength for safe & precise use.
CONSTRUCTED TO LAST FOREVER - This knife will be your culinary companion for life & comes with Kessaku’s 100% Lifetime Warranty. Because we work tirelessly to ensure you’re delivered a true quality culinary masterpiece, all of our knives come with our Kessaku True Lifetime Warranty. Our very highest priority is that you are completely thrilled with our products and truly in love with our brand. Contact us with any issue or concerns and we will immediately do our absolute best to make it right.
MAKES AN AMAZING PRESENT - This exquisite knife will arrive in style, greeting you in our beautifully designed & elegant Magnetic Closure Gift Box, Custom Sheath & Polishing Cloth. Perfect for a Birthday, Wedding, Anniversary, Mother’s Day, Father’s Day, Christmas, House Warming. Give this to your favorite chef. The astonishing quality of this lovingly crafted, professional knife means you’ll be giving them a gift that they’ll have & use for eternity so they’ll always think of you!"

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, Swedish Sandvik 14C28N Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. 2016 Red Dot Award Winner, A Design Award Winner, 2018 German Design Award Winner. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. Holds an edge up to 5 times longer than German Steel. Hand sharpened to a 16-degree angle per side. HRC 59 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
Well balanced 5.5"" handle and 7"" blade with HRC 59 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale. Includes carbonized solid Ashwood half open magnetic sheath to ensure your blade will be protected.
This vegetable Cleaver, also know as a Nakiri is great for push cuts, slicing and dicing vegetables, mincing herbs and cutting fruit or cheese. Strong magnets are embedded into the edge of the sheath to hold onto the spine of the knife. A innovative and stylish way to protect your blades and fingers.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

Custom Handmade Damascus Knives Blend In Perfectly with Kitchen Accessories & Other Kitchen Knives. This Multipurpose Heavy Duty Bone Chopper Knife is a Fillet Knife, Vegetable Cutter, Bone Cleaver, Meat Chopper & you name it - This Damascus Chef Knife is Especially Designed for Chopping, Mincing, Slicing, and Dicing.
Damascus Cleaver Knife is Effortless, Durable & Easily Cuts Through Large Pieces of Food Such as Meat, Bone, Fruit & Vegetable. This Great Piece of Art Has Gently Curved Blade which makes a Butcher Knife more Luxurious, Beautiful & Practicle Choice For A Perfect Gift.
This particular Damascus Knife is Forged In Fire For an Ergonomic Handle Design With Rose Wood & Bone Spacers Handle With Mosaic Pins , which Makes This Meat Slicer Extremely Comfortable & Easy To Hold.
Damascus Chef's Knives are 1095 & 15N20 Steel with HRC of 56±2 & Sharp Edge with Maximum Cutting Performance and Durability.
The blade length of this vegetable cleaver is 6.75"" inch and total length of 11.25"" inches. The Kitchen Cleaver knife is required to be hand-washed using clean water instead of washing in dishwasher as it may have an impact on the efficiency of the knife."

Custom Handmade Damascus Knives Blend In Perfectly with Kitchen Accessories & Other Kitchen Knives. This Multipurpose Heavy Duty Bone Chopper Knife is a Fillet Knife, Vegetable Cutter, Bone Cleaver, Meat Chopper & you name it - This Damascus Chef Knife is Especially Designed for Chopping, Mincing, Slicing, and Dicing.
Damascus Cleaver Knife is Effortless, Durable & Easily Cuts Through Large Pieces of Food Such as Meat, Bone, Fruit & Vegetable. This Great Piece of Art Has Gently Curved Blade which makes a Butcher Knife more Luxurious, Beautiful & Practicle Choice For A Perfect Gift.
This particular Damascus Knife is Forged In Fire For an Ergonomic Handle Design With Rose Wood & Bone Spacers Handle With Mosaic Pins , which Makes This Meat Slicer Extremely Comfortable & Easy To Hold.
Damascus Chef's Knives are 1095 & 15N20 Steel with HRC of 56±2 & Sharp Edge with Maximum Cutting Performance and Durability.
The blade length of this vegetable cleaver is 6.75"" inch and total length of 11.25"" inches. The Kitchen Cleaver knife is required to be hand-washed using clean water instead of washing in dishwasher as it may have an impact on the efficiency of the knife."

NON-STICK STEAK KNIVES - This set of 6 colourful non-stick steak knives will soon see you slicing and cutting through all types of meat with precision, ease and elegance.
SUPERIOR STAINLESS STEEL - Constructed from high-carbon stainless steel to ensure each steak knife is strong, lightweight and durable.
PROTECTIVE NON-STICK COATING - Each steel blade is coated in a protective, non-stick coating which aids slicing and cutting while giving each steak knife high resistance to corrosion or rusting.
COLOURFUL ERGONOMIC HANDLES - Emblazoned in one of 6 bold colours, the ergonomic handles also ensure comfortable use, even for extended periods of time.
PERSPEX KNIFE BLOCK - The transparent perspex knife block showcases your collection with pride and stores each steak knife safely and securely."

Ultra Sharp 6 Inch Damascus Utility KnifeAll-Purpose Professional Utility Chef Knife with perfect curvature(10-15°per side) that meets all the chef's requirements. This 6 inch chef knife is perfect for mincing, slicing, and dicing any fruit, fish, meat, sushi and vegetables. Great for professional chefs, culinary experts, food caterers and for novice home chefs.
Japanese VG10 Damascus Utility Chef Knife67-Layers forged VG-10 Japanese premium Damascus steel ensures this Japanese utility knife with a high level of rust-resistance, wear-resistance and long-lasting performance. VG-10 Japanese super steel cutting core at 62+ Rockwell hardness. Minimal Slicing Resistance.
Ergonomic & Well-balancedThis ultra-premium handle contributes excellent grip and perfect balance, it is designed with superior control and agility, AND, it has gone through special treatment, making it extremely impervious to heat, moisture, cold with military grade strength and life-long sturdiness.
Exquisite gift box & Knife SheathJapanese Damascus Chef Knife with stunning pattern that makes your cooking moment to be the most enjoyable time in life. This superior 6 inch Japanese utility knife is a wonderful gift for Home Cooks, Professional Chef, Culinary Students, suitable as a gift on kinds of festivals, such as Valentine's Day, Mother's Day, Father's Day, Thanksgiving Day, Black Friday, Christmas day, New Year, Easter Day, Halloween, Birthday, etc.
Quality Guarantee for Kitchen Utility Knives100% satisfaction or money back for the Kitchen Utility Knives. Try it risk free. Superior Kitchen Utility Knives that will give you a lifetime of exemplary service. We are committed to providing our customers with quality knives and friendly service. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us. We would always try our best to satisfy your shopping experience."

MADE IN JAPAN: The ceramic blade is made from a special double-heated process using Kyocera's proprietary zirconia material produced in Japan for exceptional quality and beauty
UNIQUE GIFT: Using zen-inspired elements, the distinctive etched knife blade and koban-shaped pakkawood handle will inspire any cook and is packaged in a KYOCERA black box for any special gift-giving occasion such as a wedding, housewarming, or anniversary
PROFESSIONAL SERIES: For cooks who prefer a weighted and balanced kitchen knife, the stainless steel rivet and bolster construction will provide extra support to any cutting task
LONG-LASTING SHARPNESS: Ultra-sharp, pure advanced ceramic blades will maintain their edge up to 10x longer than steel blades
PURE AND HEALTHY KITCHEN CUTLERY: Easy to clean and sanitize, the ceramic blades will not brown food, are rust-proof and resistant to any acids"

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece, hot-drop hammer forged, which produces the strongest blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 57-58.
The three-step, 15 degree “Elite” edge is hand stropped on a cloth wheel, creating the sharpest possible cutting surface on an edged tool.
The bolsterless heel simplifies all cutting, sharpening & honing tasks, making use of the entire blade from heel to tip.
Handcrafted in the historic cutlery capital of Solingen, Germany.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

Chinese kitchen knife,Forged manually, blade length: about 18.3cm, width: about 10cm, weight: about 440g. Made of manganese steel, the handle and the blade are integrated without soldering, which is firm and durable to eliminate broken handle. Due to its excellent rigidity, the front 3/4 part is suitable for shredding and the rear 1/4 part is suitable for cuttin
Chinese kitchen knife,Forged manually, Made of manganese steel, the handle and the blade are integrated without soldering, which is firm and durable to eliminate broken handle. Due to its excellent rigidity, the front 3/4 part is suitable for shredding and the rear 1/4 part is suitable for cuttin
Receive the product, use it with water and dry it. The tool is made of manganese steel, Easy to rust，The quenching technology, passed down from generations to generations, makes the knife rigidity as high as HRC60±2, which is much higher than HRC52±2, the standard for knives made mechanically. In addition, the physical density and rigidity of such knives are greatly enhanced by the repeated hammering performed by experienced blacksmiths. And they have better hand feelings as well.
Due to the quenching skill made by experienced workers and unique forming technology with different heating methods, the equilibrium between the rigidity and tenacity of such knives is guarantee to make them more durable.
Forged knives have higher carbon content. Attention shall be paid to cleaning, acidic or alkaline substances cannot stay on the blade for a long period. Such knife shall be wiped dry after cleaning. Some cooking oil may be applied on it if it is not used for a long time. And it shall be placed at a dry place for storage.The knife comes with a small gift, which is a practical gift."

Material: blade / Damascus steel, handle / laminated wood strengthening, cap / stainless steel
Country of origin: Japan
Blade length: 145mm"

Like all Shun kitchen knives, the Shun Dual Core Nakiri has a razor-sharp edge and retains that edge even with constant use in home or commercial kitchens for peak performance every time
Exquisite herringbone blade consists of 71 micro layers of two, premium-quality stainless steels: VG10 and VG2. These high-carbon, high-chromium steels are roll-forged to produce a finer grain and increase strength. The laminated steel is hot-forged to create the herringbone pattern and allow the layers to alternate along the blade edge, retaining Shun’s high level of performance longer
The dark, ebony PakkaWood handle enhances the Dual Core Nakiri’s sleek, contemporary look; sure-grip, durable; traditional Japanese octagon-shaped handle is comfortable for left and right-hand users
Double-bevel blade is incredibly sharp, allows for increased efficiency when cutting
Easily prepare vegetables for a salad or stir fry for friends, neighbors, dates, or more with the Shun Dual Core 6.5-inch Nakiri"

Professional Kitchen Knife: This HYZ series 3.5"" damascus paring knife is designed for professional chefs. With its sharp edges, unique design and good cutting experience, it is preferred by consumers. Together stored in the elegant packaging, it is an ideal gift of choice. In addition, it is an ideal appliance for cooking beginners, professional chefs and ordinary households.
Damascus Steel Blade: The blade is made of high-quality 67-layer of Damascus steel. Damascus steel enjoys 58-62 HRC of hardness in the steel core, its extremely high hardness guarantees excellent sharpness and wear resistance.
Pakka Wood handle: The handle uses pakka wood, which is not easy to shrink, fade and deform. the handle size, length and shape is ergonomic, can provide better potency for gripping, comfort and agility.
High Cost Performance:The damascus steel for this knife is imported from Japan. But make in China, Yarenh provides customers with the highest quality damascus steel kitchen knife at attractive price, while giving them a sophisticated cutting experience
Risk free purchase: We are committed to providing high quality, cost-effective products and excellent services. If you are not satisfied with the products or services within one month after buying the product, we will give an unconditional refund."

PROFESSIONAL KITCHEN SET24 pieces knife set includes:8”Chef knife,8”Bread knife,7”Santoku knife,8”Slicing knife,4.5”Utility knife,3.5”Paring knife,4.5”Steak knife*6 pcs,Steak fork*6 pcs,8”Knife sharpener,Finger guard,Kitchen Scissors,Whisk,A pair of claw meats and a Wood block.
DESIGN SUITABLE FOR HOME USEKnife handle and blade are all made in one piece, so there are no issues of the blade detaching or getting loose from the handle and knives can be last long.Handle shape is based on the shape of the human Ergonomic design. It minimizes wrist tension while cutting, comfortable grip no matter your hand size.
HIGH QUALITYMade from professional high-carbon German stainless steel,this material has the quality of tarnish resistant and rust resistance.
OUTSTANDING CRAFTSMANSHIPHand polished by craftsman with decades of experience to ensure long-lasting sharpness.If you feel that it is not sharp enough, you can use a sharpener rod to make it sharper.
EASY TO STORAGE AND CLEANThis set includes high quality wood stand,you can put the knife on the stand.To protect the sharpness and glossiness of the knives, please DO NOT wash the knives in dishwasher. Clean and dry them immediately after hand washing to get the most out of them."

High-Grade Classic Kitchen Utility Knife - A kitchen utility knife,which was made of a fantastic damascus pattern blade and a 360°CNC red & black G10 handle decorated with a beautiful mosaic, keeps practicability and beauty. This kitchen utility knife can handle daily kitchen work easily, such as cutting, slicing, carving, dicing, peeling most of ingredients like meat, vegetables, fish, food an so on.
Japanese AUS-10D Damascus Steel - Imported from Japan, premium AUS-10D damascus stainless steel as core of the blade, combined with high carbon soft steel, Keeping a high level of rust-resistance, wear-resistance and long-lasting performance while providing a maximum sharpness. Hardness reach to 62.
12-15°Per Side Sharp Blade - The mercilessly sharp blade was painstakingly honed by many experienced craftsmen. No tearing or squishing, only Ruthless Efficiency while using our RING-DM bread knife.
Ergonomic G10 Handle - We’ve combined traditional craftsmanship and innovative technology to give you our first-class G10 handle. An ultra-premium G-10 handle of military grade strength for life-long durability, achieving highly impervious to heat, cold, moisture. Carefully hand polished, the ergonomic handle shape is engineered for superior hand control, agility and comfort. Hand-polished blade spine for smooth handling.
100% Satisfaction or Money Back Guarantee for You - We promise a superior product that will give you a lifetime of exemplary service, try it risk free, we know you'll love it! With the luxury packing it is also the wise choice as a gift(Christmas, weddings, birthdays, fathers day, mothers day), for culinary students, home cooks, professional chefs and more."

PREMIUM PERFORMANCE – this kitchen Knife is precisely designed for de-boning, preparing, filleting, skinning, trimming, and butterflying all your favorite meats and fish. The extra-long 10-inch slicer makes carving roast, turkey, chicken, brisket, pork loins, ham, smoked salmon, large fruits, vegetables, bread and cakes effortless.
RAZOR SHARP GRANTON BLADE EDGE - High carbon German stainless steel is known for its rust-resistance, wear-resistance corrosion resistance, and long-lasting performance. With 15 degrees per side bevel, this finest carving knife handles daily tasks with ease in household or professional kitchen.
FULL TANG ERGONOMIC DESIGN - Masterful laminated full tang Pakkawood handle provides ultimate comfort, absolute stability and decisive balance; with printed Damascus blade design highlights the elegant lavish appearance to the whole carving knife.
PERFECT GIFT – Luxury wood box package/storage makes it a wise gift choice for all occasions (such as Christmas, weddings, Thanksgiving, birthdays, Father’s Day, Mother’s Day, an any family gatherings holidays) and an extraordinary present for your love ones or cooking lovers (culinary students, home cooks, professional chefs).
TOP EXPERIENCE COMMITMENT - Grandties offer 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK policy against defects, try it risk free. If you're not happy, please do not hesitate to contact us by leaving a message or simply return it for a FULL REFUND."

Solid Built .. full tang durable hard cutting edge .. professional cleaver useful for chopping and cutting ..
Handmade , Forged Damascus Steel (1095 / 4340)
precise pattern , quality forge
CHOPPER CLEAVER KITCHEN Chef Professional
with leather sheath of high qulaity cow skin"

1. [I am a hand-forged knife] This is a hand-made butcher's chef's knife forged with broken grains. It has a high-grade black wooden handle design in Tang Dynasty. The front edge is suitable for cutting meat, fish, vegetables, and fruits. And other software organizations. The rear edge is suitable for cutting some small bone foods. With a unique leather knife cover, it can protect the blade, beautiful and safe, and the belt loop can be fixed on the belt for outdoor camping use.
2. [The production process is different from others] The steel surface of each knife is different, with its own unique steel pattern, and each knife surface leaves the blacksmith's hammering marks, after countless quenching and cold forging, The steel structure is dense, the composition is uniform, and the impurities are reduced. The tool can be used with left or right hand.
3. [Super sharp, more durable] The knife blade adopts the old-fashioned cutting method, which is sharper and more durable. The blade can be fully sharpened, and the hardness of the blade surface is the same, and the sharpness of the knife can remain unchanged regardless of the sharpness of the blade. The handle and the blade are integrally formed without welding, which eliminates the problem of handle breakage.
4. [Disadvantages] In order to pursue perfect performance, we chose a knife hand-forged with high-carbon steel and high-manganese steel. It is not made of stainless steel. After use, it needs to be kept clean and dry to prevent rust, high-carbon steel It has better ability to maintain sharp edges than stainless steel, and its performance is relatively superior. The leather sheath may smell, so please hang it in a ventilated place when you receive it.
5. [Maintenance] Regarding maintenance, please wash and dry the knives with clean water after use, and store them in a ventilated place, away from corrosive substances such as alkalis and acids to prevent rust. If you do not use it for a long time, apply a layer of cooking oil on the blade. It will last a long life."

ALL-IN-ONE COMPLETE SET - Professional Damascus Knives set includes 8”Chef Knife, 8”Slicing Knife, 8”Bread Knife, 7” Santoku Knife, 5.5”Utility Knife, 3.5”Paring Knife, Kitchen Shears, Knife Sharpener to stay sharp and Beechwood Block.
QUALITY DESIGN - Knives are crafted with VG10 steel core 67 layers superior damascus steel blades for precision and accuracy. HRC 60±2 hardness for exceptional sharpness, edge retention. Curved design handle provides comfort and support.
DURABLE & EASY TO CLEAN - The integrated design of the blade and the shank is not easy to break, safe and durable. It ensures long lasting performance and easy to clean. You can save a lot of time on cleaning.
EASY TO CARE & STORAGE - Wooden Block part is made of durable natural oak, and the hollow knife seat is easier to insert and remove, safe and sanitary. Use more assured!
LIFETIME WARRANTY - Every knife set is backed by superior quality and under strict quality inspection. Our aim is 100% satisfied customers. Return it anytime and get a full refund when you are not happy with our knife set."

SERRATED STEAK KNIFE – You’ll get the perfect cuts of meat with this wildly popular knife. Intended for use at the dinner table, but many use the serrated steak knife for other cutting tasks. Pack of 2.
STAINLESS STEEL BLADE – The 3-7/8 inch blade on the serrated steak knife is made from surgical quality, T420 high carbon stainless steel. It has a small, sharp single-sided serrated edge.
BRUSHED ALUMINUM HANDLE - The handle on the serrated steak knife is made from permanently cast silver brushed aluminum with a satin finish. This dinner knife should not be washed in the dishwasher. Handwashing is recommended.
AMERICAN MADE KNIFE – Rada Mfg. Co. is located in Waverly, Iowa and has been manufacturing cutlery in the USA since 1948. Our mission is all about “providing our customers the best value of kitchen knives for their dollar.”
HASSLE-FREE LIFETIME GUARANTEE – We stand by our craftsmanship. Rada Mfg. Co. will replace any product manufactured by our company returned to us due to defects in material or workmanship."

PROFESSIONAL BONING KNIFE: This KONOLL Super Sharp Boning Knife is made of high-quality German stainless steel that resists rust, corrosion and discoloration. It can be used for your daily kitchen tasks of slicing, deboning and dicing of all kinds of meat. It is suitable for both home and restaurant kitchens
ULTRA-SHARP EDGE: Sharpness is key. Hand-polished by craftsmen with decades of experience to ensure its durability. The thickness of this kitchen knife is 2.5mm. Its hand-polished edge is 14-16 degrees per side, which is sturdy and sharp to get the job done perfectly.
MULTI-FUNCTION SHARP KNIFEthis professional 7-inch boning's knife is classified as a professional multi-function kitchen knife. This sharp knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks, such as removing bones of meat and fish.
ERGONOMIC DESIGN: Advanced Real Soild Wood Handle manufacturing process minimizes wrist tension while providing a secure, comfortable grip no matter your hand size or where you grip. Special texture, smoothly. Compare to other Pakkawood, it is way more stable and sanitary, No expantion, no crack like traditional wood and pakkawood handle, which asures you the best food safety.
THE PERFECT GIFT: The knife comes in a high-quality black gift box, making it the perfect gift for whoever you love. We Offer 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK policy. KONOLL provides a lifetime against defects in material and workmanship."

[Valued one Set for all Cutting Needs] Kitchen chef's knife set has 8 high-end stainless steel knives,They are very suitable for chopping, slicing and dicing any fruit, fish, meat and vegetables, etc., meet all your kitchen knife cutting tasks in the kitchen. The blades are dexterous and attractive; each knife is equipped with a separate protective cover, which are also convenient for you to use outdoors, cutting bread and pizza, etc. Your best professional cooking cutlery knife choice!
[Ultra Sharp Blades] Sharpness is the key! The sharp and laser-tested blade can be easily used for shredding, slicing and dicing. The blade surface is finely polished, rust-resistant, corrosion-resistant, and easy to clean. The blades are carefully hand-polished, 14-16° on each side, maintaining a perfect balance between ultra-thin sectioning and maximum flexibility to achieve smooth cutting. Ergonomically handle which is very comfortable.
[Super High Quality] All the kitchen knives in our chef knife set are made of high-carbon forged stainless steel (X50CR15), with 54+ Rockwell hardness, so that each knife has a strong anti-corrosion, anti-rust, long-lasting blade, and excellent toughness. We are serious about producing the most satisfied kitchen knives for you!
[Ingenious Appearance and Design] MEVUZ kitchen knife set can replace Damascus knife. Its design combines Western chef knife and Japanese knife, which perfectly controls American, European, Korean and other cuisines. The laser-etched feather pattern of the blade makes the appearance shiny and fashionable, and can make simple cooking become a beautiful creation. Do not hesitate! Try it now!
[Careful Packaging and Service] Our kitchen knife set has a protective cover and a high-quality box. The elegant red inner packaging makes our chef knife set very suitable as a kitchen gift for family and friends. if you have any questions or issues regarding the MEVUZ knife set please do not hesitate to send the seller a message through Amazon, we will promptly and patiently solve all problems for you!"

Rozar Sharp15°degree angle per blade side makes this kitchen Chef knife extremely sharp. The extraordinarily super sharp blade was painstakingly honed by most experienced craftsmen. This professional Chef knife can handle daily kitchen tasks effortlessly including cutting. slicing, carving, dicing most of the food such as meat, fish, vegetable, and more. A super sharp edge will help lock the food's original flavors and nutrition.。
Japanese AUS10 Damascus KnifeThe chef knife is crafted out of Japanese high-carbon AUS-10 steel core, arranged for a total of 73 layers of inlaid steel to improve durability to keep its edge as you put it to work in the kitchen. This sharp knife is liquid nitrogen tempered ensuring a long-lasting performance that is stain & rust-resistant. With proper maintenance, you will not need to sharpen it often.
Durable Mahogany HandleDurable mahogany handle with twisted octagonal shape is not only strong and durable but will resists moisture. It is carefully polished for ergonomic comfort and lasting elegance.
100% Satisfaction ServiceStriving for 100% satisfaction for the kiritsuke knife with every customers is Fukep's eternal pursuit. We promise you 100% SATISFACTION and MONEY BACK against defects in materials and workmanship. Try it free of risk. Fukep is recognized by more and more professional chefs, knife lovers, and family users with its high-quality products and outstanding after-sales service.
Exquisite Gift BoxThis 8 inch Japanese chef knife displays a stunning damascus pattern and is provided with an exquisite Gift Box. The chef's knives are very suitable as gifts to family and friends or for holidays and events such as: Birthdays, Weddings, Mother's Day, Father's Day, Christmas Day, etc."

Hand crafted Swedish Steel knives with a handle made from one of the hardest types of wood in the world, African Blackwood.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains its strength and function. Holds an edge up to 5 times longer than German Steel. Hand sharpened to a 16-degree angle per side. HRC 59 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
Set includes: 8"" chef's knife, 8"" bread knife, 7"" santoku knife, 6"" boning knife, 5"" serrated utility knife, 3.5"" paring knife, (8) straight-edge steak knives, 8"" honing steel, a solid walnut magnetic storage block.
Our new magnetic walnut storage block works with the knives tastefully. You can freely move essential knives close to the action.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

[TOP HAND-FORGED CRAFTS] Gyuto chef's knife designed by professional and famous Japanese knife maker ミツモトサカリ himself. Forged in top 440C Damascus steel using the Japanese samurai sword forging method with seven layers of laminated steel. It took 5 months to forge a chef's knife with high toughness and hardness.
[RARE BURL WOOD KNIFE HANDLE] Precious maple wood with long natural burl is cut to create a rare professional chef knife handle. The ergonomically designed tang style handle provides excellent hand control and perfect balance to create a perfect cleaver kitchen knife.
[JAPAN CHEF'S KNIFE DETAILS] The chef's knives is 8 inch (207 mm) long with a 5.12 inch handle and 60±2 HRC hardness. The combination of gorgeous curved design and top quality craftsmanship creates a high quality 2.2mm blade chef's knife; It preserves the moment when fruits reach their ideal ripeness, vegetables are in their best condition or meat is at its most flavorful.
[HIGH ARTISTIC VALUE COLLECTION] Top quality hand-forged art chef's knives combine many precious elements that are highly collectible and useful. Gorgeous looking and perfectly functional chef's knives are what every home cook and professional chef looks forward to using. And with the special sandalwood sheath and gift box, we believe this is the perfect gift for your beloved friends and family on special holidays.
[SINCERE SERVICE] ミツモトサカリ products have been strictly audited and certified. Unconditional replacement or refund policy for defects, risk-free trial. If you have any questions, please contact us, we will give you a satisfactory answer."

BRAND NEW 13 INCHES HANDMADE DAMASCUS FULL TANG FILLET BLANK BLADE . TWISTED PATTERN DAMASCUS STEEL BLADE (1095 / 15N20) .
OVER ALL LENGTH = 13.00 Inches .BLADE LENGTH 8.00 INCHES , HANDLE LENGTH IS 5.00 INCHES . BLADE THICKNESS = 2.5 mm .
HARDNESS OF BLADE IS 56-58 HRC
Hard and solid cutting edge , perfect girp . thin blade . razor sharp edge
Handmade , Forged Damascus Steel (1095 / 4340) ,precise pattern , quality forge"

EXECUTIVE PLUS - MASTER CHEF EDITION: Taking Chef Knives to a Complete New Level – Breathtakingly Beautiful yet Functionally Elite! Japanese AUS-10 Super Steel with 45-layer High Carbon Stainless Steel, Polished with our Globally Recognised Damascus Pattern, Now featuring Our Latest ‘STORM-X’ Finish ensures YOU will be the Master Chef Setting the Kitchen Standard for others to Follow! Set in Unreal Top Premium Packaging, Unrivalled Performance!
DEEP 56mm STUNNING BLADES, LEATHER SHEATH: Engineered to Perfection our 56mm Deep Blade Ensures Maximum Knuckle Clearance and has been Designed to Encourage the Rocking-Motion Style of Cutting. The Blade is Non-Stick, Boasts a Staggering Rockwell Hardness HRC 61 and is Liquid Nitrogen Cooled Improving even further the Stain and Rust Resistance properties! Ultra-Premium Leather Sheath, unlike Competitors Cheap Plastic counterparts provides Total Protection in a Class of its Own!
INNOVATIVE HUMPBACK TRIPLE RIVETED HANDLE: ""Hump Back"" handle is a World-First, ZELITE Exclusive Design consulted by a panel of Physicians & Executive Chefs to fit your hand like no other Knife! Handle Functionality, Comfort & Beauty Perfected –27 piece Steel/Copper Mosaic, Black&Grey Forged G10 Handle Shaped for Kitchen Champions, Full tang -Strength, Durability & Control. Tapered Bolster, Extreme Comfort, Perfect Balance! Designed to Exceed all other Knives; you’re going to Love it!
UNRIVALLED PERFORMANCE, PERIOD: Hand Finished using Traditional 3-Step Honbazuke Method this Blade has Incredible Pro Razor Sharp 12 degree per Side Mirror Polished Cutting Angle Ensuring Incredible Sharpness & Safety with Effortless Slicing of Meat, Fish, Vegetable, Fruit and more Every Time Effortlessly. Finished with Our Aerodynamic AUS 10 Blade Heel for the Final Statement of Complete Beauty! You want to Step Up to Executive MASTER Chef Level, make the Smart Choice!! X-Class!
100% SATISFACTION or MONEY BACK GUARANTEE – TRY IT RISK FREE: Lifetime Warranty against Manufacturing Defects (only if purchased from ‘Zelite Infinity’ – check “sold by Zelite Infinity”). Our Chef Knifes have been built with Perfection in Mind. Ideal Multipurpose Cutlery Cooking / Chopping Gift (Christmas, Weddings, Birthdays, Fathers Day, Mothers Day), for Home Cooks, Professional Chef’s, Culinary Students and more. You can’t lose. Limited Supply, Order Now before they are Sold Out!"

The Dalstrong Quantum 1 Series of knives are apex predators within the culinary world and feature state-of-the-art technology. Strikingly sharp and painstakingly honed by expert craftsmen to 8-12°, this one-of-a-kind series has been carefully engineered for exceptional edge-retention, hyper-precision, and to deliver the cleanest and most effortless cuts.
Precisely tapered, the blade geometry ensures the perfect balance between resilience and performance, while minimizing drag. Featuring ultra-premium American made BD1N-VX hyper-steel, and added vacuum heat-treatment boast 63 HRC. A Nitrogen treatment further increases hardness, flexibility, and toughness of your blade. Gorgeously laminated and hot forged with the head-turning “Nova Prime” pattern—uniquely designed to reduce drag and stuck on food.
The powerfully designed Dragon Skin G10-carbon fibre hybrid handle reminds you this is no ordinary knife, offering you exceptional reliability and grip while being near impervious to heat, cold, and moisture. The Quantum 1 Series is sure to deliver the thrills and performance you need in your kitchen, with all the quality and craftsmanship you expect from Dalstrong.
A black PU leather sheath, with matching carbon fibre detailing and refined Dalstrong button clip is included to ensure the blades stylish protection and your own safety. The epitome of culinary magnificence, the Dalstrong Quantum 1 Series of knives are ushering in a new era of culinary adventure with you in total control.
See why thousands of professional chefs and home cooks love and trust the DALSTRONG DIFFERENCE. 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it!"


STRONG MAGNET:Double sided strong magnet can safely and healthily place kitchen knives.ou can reach the knife easier, quicker, safer. Suitable For Common Household kitchen Cutters.
SIMPLE AND CONVENIENT DESIGN：The magnetic tool holder is made of natural acacia wood, which is beautiful and practical. The simple and gorgeous appearance is easier to clean, It can better provide a safe and hygienic environment for cutting tools.
SOLID WOOD MATERIAL, ACACIA WOOD MATERIAL:Good knife base comes from good wood, made of Acacia wood naturally growing in nature, with warm texture and fine texture.
NON SLIP FOOT PAD：This magnetic knife holder has a non slip foot pad.Finished with anti-skid felt pads on the Acacia wood , our bamboo knife block is safer to use on slippery counter tops than ordinary blocks. No more skidding, slipping, sliding or wobbling around!
PROTECTIVE BLADE:This magnetic knife block is very safe for the blade you intend to place, Because the blade only touches the wood, the blade remains sharp to prevent damage.If you are not happy with this universal knife block, we will gladly grant you a full refund."

Double-Sided Strong Magnetic Suction Knife: With super strength hidden magnet.Double-sided suction knife design, 17 X 13 Inches super large capacity. The magnet is hidden in the middle of the acacia wood, with strong adsorption.This magnetic knife block can suck all kinds of metal knives and other kitchen utensils. You can reach the knife easier, quicker and safer. Suitable For Common Household kitchen Cutters（Fruit knife, Kitchen Knife, Bread knife). Note: NOT for CERAMIC KNIVES.
Double-Sided Super Large Capacity: Hold up to 16-20 knives(length from 3"" to 12"") at both sides of the knife holder, great space saver for your kitchen counter.This is a multi-functional use magnetic storage block.
Elegant Display: Why fuss with a boringly average knife holder when you can display one of these beautiful knives? Made of Acacia wood naturally growing in nature, with warm texture and fine texture,with finely polished by hand.Fashionable, simple and practical.
Creating Your Green&Healthy Kitchen: Though it displays nicely on a countertop, the wooden knife holder is reliably strong.The surface is treated with natural vegetable oil, which make the surface delicate and easy to clean. It can be wiped with a rag.100% sustainable & safe for use in the kitchen.
Safty Non-Slip Base: Finished with anti-skid felt pads on the bottom, our bamboo knife block is safer to use on slippery counter tops than ordinary blocks. No more skidding, slipping, sliding or wobbling around!
Not Only For Knives:It is not only suitable for storing knives, but also any metal accessories such as screws, screwdriver tools and other metal objects can be absorbed and stored with this magnetic knife holder.
LIFETIME 100% MONEY BACK GUARANTEE. We’re confident with the quality and function. If you’re not happy with it, just tell us."

Multipurpose chef's knife for chopping, mincing, slicing and dicing
Blade: Stainless molybdenum vanadium steel
Comfortable, ergonomic soft grip, non-slip handle-made of ABS plastic
Blade measures, 8""/20cm/ Handle measures, 5.25""/13.5cm
Hand washing recommended"

ELEGANT imarku STEAK KNIFE SET: These high-quality serrated steak knives are specially designed for the table to cut chicken, juicy steaks, pork chops, and other foods without ruining their flavor and texture. You can also use these imarku steak knives for slicing bread. This steak knife set brings together high-value and quality materials and expertly crafted technology to provide every customer with an excellent product experience.
PROFESSIONAL QUALITY MATERIALS: Our steak knives set of 6 is forged from 5cr15mov high-carbon steel, a high-grade German material, with a hardness of 54±2 HRC, with excellent durability and precision. The serrated steak knife blade makes cutting easier, saving you time and effort.
ERGONOMIC PAKKAWOOD HANDLES: These steak knives' Pakkawood handles are ergonomically designed, so that even if you use them for a long time, you will not feel too tired, and are not affected by heat, humidity, and cold, with excellent Slip resistance and abrasion resistance. Hand polishing brings a sense of nobility and comfort.
CONVENIENT STEAK KNIFE HOLDER SET: This steak knife set contains 6 professional steak knives and a knife block. The well-carved knife holder can help you recycle steak knives simply and effectively, place them safely and save your space, so as to provide the best service for your dinner. Whether you are a professional chef or an ordinary person, you can use this steak knife set.
SATISFACTORY SERVICE AND MAINTENANCE METHODS: Please clean the steak knives with a soft cloth and keep them dry after cleaning to maintain the sharpness and service life of the knives. It is recommended not to use the dishwasher to clean. We provide customers with satisfactory kitchen table set sets. If you have any questions or needs, please feel free to contact us, we will try our best to help you and meet your requirements."

🎉Unique Blue Resin HandleThe handle is made of resin material, this material can withstand great strength without destroying and deforming. So our chef knife handle is characterized by non-slip, moisture-proof and not easy to mold. The Ergonomic design makes the handle very comfortable to hold, create the perfect grip between your hand and handle, minimized finger fatigue. Blue resin handle makes this knife becomes unique for you.
High-quality Damascus SteelThis RITSU Damascus chef knife is a professional japanese kitchen knife, it made of ultra sharp AUS-10 Damascus high carbon steel with 67 layers; after Vacuum Heat Treated Japanese super steel cutting core and the Rockwell hardness can up to 60±2 HRC. The Damascus steel contains about 0.95%-1.05% carbon, makes the blade with high hardness and ability of resists rust ,stain, corrosion, long-lasting sharpness, it has enough durability and extraordinary performance.
Multi-purpose Chef's Knife & Beautiful PatternThis Damascus Chefs Knife can easily meet all your daily kitchen needed such as chopping, slicing, dicing and mincing for meat, vegetables, fruits, bread and also cuts meat off bones. What's more, the damascus steel comes with beautiful pattern on the blade, greatly increase the aesthetics, makes your knife unique and special.
High Cutting PerformanceThis japanese chef knife ultra sharp blade is made by traditional hand finished with 3-step Honbazuke method, every blade is sharpened and polished by hand in three stages in a complex process, 12° per side sharp blade for maximum sharpness and the best edge retention. All this forging technology greatly improve the cutting and slicing efficiency, makes our kitchen knives work perfectly.
100% SatisfactionYour satisfaction is our top priority. We provide lifetime free replacement. Our knife is a solid well crafted piece of work comes with exquisite gift packaging. All this features make our knives become a PREFECT gift choice for your lover, friends, family and colleagues. If you have any problem, please feel free to contact us anytime, we are 24 hours online and always here for you!"


Germany High Quality Steel  KONOLL series uses Germany steel - 5CR15MOV. A great steel for the everyday use of any chef. With an HRC of 56+/-2 it will take an angled edge and hold it for long enough to help extend the life of your knife (w/ general maintenance). The clad dimple allow for easy food release while slicing or dicing. This blade is great for vegetables, fruits, fish, and meats. [Please refrain from cutting frozen products as this may detriment the knife's edge.]
Weight/Balance  The balance point runs heel to spine up the billet. Allowing the user a comfortable grip with precise cuts, and less wear and tear on the users hands. The weight is towards the blade of the knife making for efficient use during rock chopping motion.
Steel blade with high-carbon  The professional 8 inch carving knife is made from high-quality steel. And to boost its sturdiness, the steel contains 0.6%-0.75% carbon, making it two times as hard as other knives in its class as they contain just 0.3% carbon.
Multifunctional Sharp Knife This professional 8 inch carving knife is classified and designed to be a multipurpose kitchen knives for professional applications. This sharp knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks like chopping, slicing, dicing, mincing for vegetables, fruits, meat, and cheese.
LIFETIME WARRANTY  100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE,Lifetime warranty against defects or workmanship, Try it risk free.If you try it， You will love it and you can't extricate yourself!"

4 piece steak knives
Sturdy and durable, convenient for daily use
Shinning metallic look, black matte metal resistant scratch and not easy tarnish
Sharp knife tooth, polished surface, you can cut the delicious steak easily and elegantly
Ideal for home, kitchen, restaurant, canteen, wedding and more"

FOR MODERN HOME CHEFS AND PROS - Long lasting sharpness, easy to use, super rust resistant. The Premium Molybdenum Stainless Steel is hand finished for exceptional sharpness. The unparalleled performances make you feel standing at the pinnacle of cooking!
RAZOR SHARPNESS - Ready to use out of the box with ruthless sharpness. The Premium Molybdenum Stainless Steel gives exceptional sharpness, edge retention, durability, and ease of sharpening at the same time. You can easily feel your upgraded technique level just by using a Syosaku Knife.
VERSATILITY - Ideal for everyday chef handling daily kitchen tasks, for professional and home chefs. You can cut, dice, slice, mince and chop with one knife. You can cut meats, fish, vegetables, fruits, and more. You can use it as a sushi knife, too. It’s double-edged, so doesn’t matter if you are right handed or left handed. To avoid a chip in a blade, don’t chop hard stuff like bones, nutshells, and frozen foods. Do not use on granite countertops.
DURABILITY AND EASE OF USE - The blade is the Premium Molybdenum Stainless Steel. The handle is full tang triple riveted POM resin, with hygienic 18-8 Stainless Steel bolster. It’s water-resistant and non-slip. The combination gives exceptional strength & durability. You don’t have to worry when it is left wet during its use (recommended to wash and dry after the use). The ergonomically designed handle and perfectly balanced construction make you comfortable even for a long time use.
AESTHETICS AND 100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEE - The exquisite appearance brings refinement and style to any modern kitchen. It’s a perfect gift for your loved one, too. If you don't love our Syosaku Knife, you can return within 30 days of purchase for a full refund."

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from tight grained, X50CrMoV15 German Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it strength and function. Hand sharpened to a 16-degree angle per side.
Well balanced 5.5"" handle and 8"" blade with HRC 58 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
This chef’s knife is the ultimate, all-purpose knife you’ll use every day. Use it for chopping, slicing, dicing and mincing just about any ingredient.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

Damascus pattern is eye catching and rust free
The edge is beveled on both sides, but the bevel is much larger than the bevel on a European or American brand and creates a sharper edge
The asymmetrical handle is made from multiple layers of wood impregnated with a plastic resin and is riveted to the full tang
Kasumi knives are produced by Sumikama Cutlery in Seki, Japan"

Focus on technology and designThe weight of the knife and the balance between the blade and the handle are very balanced. The ergonomic handle provides excellent comfort and a non-slip grip to minimize finger fatigue, numbness or pain. A wise choice for home chefs and professional chefs.
[Super sharp cutting core material] This product is made of professional super steel VG10 cutting core, hammered by vacuum heat treatment. Damascus steel will form very dense fine metal grains during the folding and forging process, so that the small jagged and super sharp edges on the cutting edge become sharp. 66 layers of high-quality high-carbon stainless steel ensure excellent strength, durability and smoothness. Non-slip cutting.
[Keep Improving] The hollow handle with hammered pattern, one-piece molding, durable, after careful manual hammering, non-slip hand feel comfortable. The ergonomic handle shape design has excellent hand control, agility and comfort.
[High-end gift selection] Our Damascus knife has a unique and very beautiful natural casting texture. The exquisite gift box is the best gift for parents, lovers, relatives and friends and Christmas, wedding, birthday.
[100% customer service] Product warranty: Southern Brothers products provide 30-day refund, replacement and lifetime warranty. We are always ready to provide you with the most satisfactory solution."

PROFESSIONAL PARING KNIFE: high-quality carbon stainless steel greatly improves the hardness of 56+ RHC cutting knife. It can maintain long-term sharpness, wear resistance
Multifunctional Paring Knife this professional 3.5-inch fruit knife is classified and designed to be a multipurpose kitchen knives for professional applications. This sharp knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks like chopping, slicing, dicing, mincing for vegetables, fruits.
Hollow blade design: The 3.5-inch utility knife blade with Hammered Oxidized nonstick coating is add air between the knife blade and the material being cut, keeping things from sticking to the knife blade, special for slicing, dicing, and mincing.
ERGONOMIC DESIGN: Advanced Real Soild Wood Handle manufacturing process minimizes wrist tension while providing a secure, comfortable grip no matter your hand size or where you grip. Special texture, smoothly. Compare to other Pakkawood, it is way more stable and sanitary, No expantion, no crack like traditional wood and pakkawood handle, which asures you the best food safety.
THE PERFECT GIFT: The knife comes in a high-quality black gift box, making it the perfect gift for whoever you love. We Offer 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK policy. KONOLL provides a lifetime against defects in material and workmanship."

Damascus blades, Solid knives, Razor sharp blades,"

A true warrior never dies. The Valhalla Series are a collection of precision-forged, ultra-sharp, and wear-resistant knives with godlike performance that will withstand the test of time. Crafted of premium materials with a look and feel that can only be described as divine, you’ll reach for these sublimely designed knives time and time again.
Finally, a slicer made for the gods. This 12"" Slicer is made to channel all the might of Valhalla into every cut. Swing the curved blade down to make perfect slices in a single motion, or chop and mince with shocking agility.
Forged from a single-piece, high carbon steel at 60+ Rockwell hardness and hand-sharpened to a savage 8-12 degrees per side, the full-tang blade will channel all your might with every slice.
The celestial resin handle — reinforced with stabilized wood and a stainless steel bolster — feels sturdy and turns heads with its rugged and gorgeous design. Complete with a Valhalla-embossed leather sheath, you can keep your knife protected on the go or stashed in a drawer.
Dalstrong Trust: Rocksolid 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Renowned Dalstrong customer service. See why chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Dalstrong Difference'. Dalstrong luxury packaging. Now you are slicing with POWER. Dalstrong POWER!"

SUPREME DAMASCUS STEEL UPGRADEDWKNDKIT kitchen knife have 8 inch sharp blade and 13.5inch total length. It made from very good quality Japanese VG10 steel core, 67 layers forging. With Damascus knife craft, its hardness reach 60±2HRC. And this technique will appear a unique pattern also for each knife. So it's very sharp and have a fascinating look.
Fashion & SharpWith Damascus knife craft, WKNDKIT kitchen knife is very sharp and beautiful. It will make you to cut your food very easily. Special craft give it a very unique and elegent waved pattern, it's the noble of the knifves indeed.
Super sharp BladeWKNDKIT chef knife have 2 side sharpen blade(each side less than 15°). It's sharpen by hand craft so it's very sharp and will keep a long time sharp. So it will be your best choice for your kitchen cutting and food processing.
Charming handleWKNDKIT chef knife have a charming handle made from high quality resin in black and gold, very elegant and beautiful. By mixing carbon splinters and golden metal, it will give you a shining unique high-end style. Fine grinding and polishing by hand, it have a perfect curve of ergonomics. Special surface treatment, make it easy to hold.
Multi Function and Perfect giftDamascus Steel Chef Knife are very sharpen, it can cut the meats, vegetables and fruits. Its high end looking is so fashion and elegent so it will be the perfect gifts to the one you love."

VG10 super steel
Authentic thin Japanese blade profile
Hand-honed using the three-step Honbazuke process to a 9.5 to 12 degree edge
CRYODUR blade, ice-hardened to Rockwell 60
65-layer flower Damascus design with katana edge"

ATTENTION! THE BLADE OF THIS KNIFE DOES NOT HAVE A HAMON! THIS IS A DECORATION! HOWEVER THIS KNIFE IS MADE IN JAPAN, ALL ITS ADVANTAGES AND CHARACTERISTICS ARE IN THE DESCRIPTION! The sharp edge of this Nakiri Knife is made by seasoned artisans to a mirror polish at 12-15°single-bevel blade. Because of its special single-sided and sharp blade without crushing or tearing the structure of the ingredients, it is able for cutting Herbs and Vegetables etc.
NOTE! This knife is for vegetables and herbs. Since the blade is made with forged high carbon steel, it requires constant maintenance, such as drying after washing, because this steel has no a rust resistant status, but has HRC 58-60 hardness, the sharpness is 80-100. This Nakiri kitchen knife boasts unrivaled performance and incredible edge retention. The edge of the blade is decorated with a decorative Japanese-style hamon.
Ergonomic Magnolia Handle - The Ergonomic Handle of this single-edged Japanese Nakiri Knife has perfect grip and great balance, so it is a classic Japanese knife handle, the design of which was developed more than two centuries ago and is still the best in the opinion of Japanese craftsmen.
Easy Care - The Japanese Nakiri Knife is easy and fast to clean. Note! For long knife life, for protecting the sharpness and glossiness of this knife surface, please DO NOT wash this knife in dishwasher. Clean and dry it after hand washing to get the most out of them. For a long service life, keep it separately from other kitchen utensils, always wash it after each use and wipe it dry. In this case, the long service of your knife will be like your reward for taking care of it.
If you cut herbs and vegetables and want to do it easily, this knife is the perfect solution for you according to the opinion of Japanese craftsmen, which has been passed down from generation to generation."

[Multifunctional Bone Cutter] Professional sharp bone cutting knife is perfect for kitchen, outdoor, camping, barbecue, Hunting, etc. Can easily and conveniently help you complete cutting tasks; such as chopping vegetables, cutting meat, deboning whole chicken and lamb chops, filleting fish, skinning, etc.
[Professional Cleaver Knife] Multi-purpose forged Viking knives are forged by hand forging with high carbon steel 50CR15Mov. The unique carbon steel blade design becomes sharper and more durable with a hardness of 60±2HRC.
[Innovative Knife Design] The hand-forged boning knife produces a forged texture with a blackened finish; helping to prevent food sticking and prevent rust from coming into play. The black full tang bent wood handle and hole provide a good control for a secure and stable grip when slicing vegetables, beef, fish and deboning.
[Outdoor Knife Sheath] The butcher knife comes with a professional outdoor sheath. It can be hung on the belt for easy access when outdoors, camping, hiking or BBQ. Not only is it ideal for outdoor hunting and camping, it is also the best choice for professional chef knives. Due to the sharpness of the blade, the sheath is designed to be a little tight.
[Strict Certification] The chef's knives undergo a rigorous quality audit and certification before shipment. Stylishly sheathed and delicately packaged chef's knives make excellent gifts. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us and we will provide you with a 100% satisfactory answer."

6 Pc's Beautiful Damascus Steel Chef Knife With Purple Pakka Wood Handle. 1071-Red
Damascus Steel chef knife set
Stylish Unique Knives"

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, Swedish Sandvik 14C28N Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. Holds an edge up to 5 times longer than German Steel.
Set Includes: (6) 5"" straight edge bladed steak knives, and Solid Walnut block. The handle is 5.5 Inches long and the blade is 5 inches long. The hardness scale rating is HRC 59 +/- 2.
Cangshan's special straight fine edges with precisely tapered blade from base to tip. Steak knife set makes for an impressive presentation of grilled meats, slicing effortlessly through everything from tender filet mignon to the thickest chops.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."


Multifunctional Vegetable Cleaver knifeThis professional vegetable cleaver can be used as a multifunctional knife. You can easily do your daily kitchen tasks like cutting and dicing vegetables, fruits, meat and cheese except bones. You can finish your daily kitchen cutting work effectively .
Kitory Handmade Forged CleaverOur Forged vegetable cleaver are sharpened manually by workers with more than 30 years of experience by using natural knife grinders .which can enhance strength, hardness, rust resistance and sharpness of the Cleaver Knife. This Vegetable Cleaver shape of the blade also brings you a minimal slicing resistance .Compared with kitchen knives made with mechanical ways, the service life of such knives is longer.
Incredibly Sharp Cutting EdgeThis vegetable cleaver knife is crafted with superior quality, highly durable and rustproof 7CR17MOV super-steel, a special metal . The sturdy blade passed multiple hand-grinding processes for an incredibly sharp cutting edge. Forged with a hammered surface blade which minimizes food suction, slices faster and easier, preserving the appearance and flavor of your ingredients, our professional vegetable Cleaver has an extraordinary performance in edge-retention.
Full Tang Wenge Wood Handle with Copper Rivet design The forged chef's knives has an ergonomic full tanghandle, which can be gripped without slipping even in wet conditions. The handle is hand-polished with natural Wenge Wood , the wood texture is high-grade and beautiful, and the hand feels comfortable. The knife blade and the handle are integrated, without welding, and are fixed by three copper rivets, which is very firm. you don't have to worry about the handle breaking..
SATISFACTION GUARANTEEDKITORY is committed to providing the consumer with the absolute best price and value on our entire line of products, which we ensure by applying a rigorous quality control process. Please feel free to contact us if you have any problems about the product, we will solve your questions in 24h."

Extra sharp Vegetable knife for cutting, Slicing and chopping Fruits and vegetables. 8 cm Long sharp Straight blade for cutting vegetable or fruits
Sharp German Steel, Best original quality, made in Solingen. Anti-corrosion, anti-rust and anti stains.
Professional Grade quality is suitable for Restaurant or home use, sharp blades cut things smoothly
Non slip comfortable ergonomic olive wooden handle which helps to hold knife firmly / length is 18 cm
It does not blunt easily because of Original German Stainless Steel, and can be sharp easily at home with any knife sharpener"

MAKE YOUR COOKING LIFE EASIER: Precision-forged blades with an ultra-premium Japanese VG10 cutting core at 60±1 Rockwell hardness for unrivaled performance and incredible edge retention. Precisely tapered blade minimizes surface resistance for buttery smooth cut through.
67 LAYERED FORGED STAINLESS STEEL: 67-layers of high-carbon stainless steel cladding provide exceptional strength, durability, and stain resistance. Featuring exquisite Feather blade pattern, for striking, stand out beauty.
12-15 DEGREES RAZOR SHARP EDGE: Ruthlessly sharp scalpel-like edge is hand finished to a mirror polish within a staggering 12-15° degree angle using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method. Nitrogen cooled for enhanced hardness, flexibility, and corrosion resistance.
DURABLE & STRONG G10 HANDLE: Meticulously constructed ultra-premium G-10 Garolite handle. Highly impervious to heat, cold, and moisture with military-grade strength and life-long durability. Bolster provides a perfectly engineered balance and gently encourages a comfortable and proper pinch grip.
LIFETIME GUARANTEE & ELEGANT PACKAGING: 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it! The box is designed to be ideal for easily wrapping as a gift."

PERFECTED SMALL KIRITSUKE CHEF KNIFEThe 5.5-inch Kiritsuke Chef Knife, blending the Japanese yanagiba knife with a vegetable cleaver, brings you simple beauty and practical functionality. The small kiritsuke knife still is suitable for prepare food in kitchen, especially slicing, dicing, vegetables, fruits, Sashimi, and meats. If you want one kiritsuke knife for your daily cooking task, but don't want it to be too big, choose KITORY this knife which is perfect for you.
BAMBOO-LIKE SHAPE ERGONOMIC HANDLEThe small kiritsuke knife's handle is designed specially, I'm sure you haven't seen it before. Orange&black bamboo shape handle will fit in your hand perfectly, and handle has been polished to smooth, it's very comfortable to hold, and this ergonomic shape enables the right balance between the handle and the thick blade. The blade and handle meets with an ergonomic bolster (the gentle slope for your thumb) to make cutting easier and safer.
PREMIUM MATERIAL Crafted out of premium High Carbon German Stainless steel, this kiritsuke knife is precisely tempered and hardened with High-Tech vacuum heat treatment to reach a Rockwell Hardness of 56±2. KITORY experienced craftsman hand sharpened each edge with 13 degrees per side to ensure each blade’s sharpness, is great for vegetables, fruits, fish, and meats. The thickness of this kitchen knife is 3 mm, which is ideal to do the job, and do the job well.
HAMMERED FORGED DESIGNHAMMERED FINISH for a beautiful blade that reduces drag when slicing, preventing food from sticking to the blade. Meanwhile, the blade is hand polished a lustrous surface. If you like a knife with a smooth, shiny blade, don't miss this knife.
GIFTED & EXCELLENT SERVICEThe kiritsuke knife comes in a high-quality black gift box, making it the perfect gift for a mother, father, grandparent or friend in Christmas, Thanksgiving Day, Weddings, Birthdays. We KITORY guarantee lifetime free replacement. So you don’t have to wonder if you are risking your money. Please feel free to contact us with any questions."

Extra sharp Vegetable knife for cutting, Slicing and chopping Fruits and vegetables. 8 cm Long sharp Straight blade for cutting vegetable or fruits
Sharp German Steel, Best original quality, made in Solingen. Anti-corrosion, anti-rust and anti stains.
Professional Grade quality is suitable for Restaurant or home use, sharp blades cut things smoothly
Non slip comfortable ergonomic olive wooden handle which helps to hold knife firmly / length is 18 cm
It does not blunt easily because of Original German Stainless Steel, and can be sharp easily at home with any knife sharpener"

High Quality Materials: The cleaver knife sharp blade is made of high-quality German stainless steel, with a chromium content of 16-18% and a carbon content of 0.6-0.75%. The surface of the blade is smooth and shiny, which maintains its functionality for a long time.
Ergonomic Pakka Handle: The cleaver knife material is known for its comfort, strength and stability. Professional and minimize any fatigue, finger numbness or aches after holding it continuously for an extended time the knife's handle.
Sharp Blade: Ultra-sharp edge-Sharpness is key to achieving the best cuts and this is evident in the knife's blade which is quite sharp and will remain this way even after tough tasks such as cutting tough meat or removing flesh from bones.
Multifunction Knife: This professional cleaver knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks of chopping, slicing, mincing and dicing fruits, vegetables and several meat varieties including fish, kitchen and beef.
Satisfaction Customer Service: ZENG has always been committed to providing quality customer service and lifetime warranty service and Money Back Guarantee, you can rest assured to buy and use. You can choose our knife as a gift."

PROFESSIONAL QUALITYBRTM 10 Piece Kitchen Knife Sets forged from 7CR17MOV German Stainless Steel which is harder than normal knife steel and stays sharper for longer, rust-resistant, corrosion resistant, easy to maintain.The best materials will update your cooking!
10pcs Knife set kitchen includedA-5-inch Utility Knife, B-6-inch Boning knife, C-7-inch Cleaver knife, D-8-inch Chef knife, E-7.5 Inch Cleaver Knife, F-8-inch Slice knife, G-8-inch Bread knife, H-7-inch Santoku knife, I-5-inch Santoku knife, J-3.5-inch Paring knife(Note: for better performance, you can select different types knives for cutting different food. )
A MULTI-PURPOSE KITCHEN DÉCOR MUSTErgonomically Pakkawood handles - classy and timeless look, which wood grain only gets better with age. A perfect mix of design & practicality to maximize durability and stress tolerance!
Classic waved pattern Special waved pattern blade are not only particularly but also strikingly, which is a great gift for your family and friends. For any problems, please do not hesitate to contact us.
100% SATISFACTIONWe are committed to improving your cooking experience. It's our responsibility to guarantee the quality of products. Just feel free to contact us if you have any problem with the BRTM knife set."

EASY TO CUT: Sharp 8 inch Damascus Chef knife, one-piece molding, cutting is not easy to break, slicing is more labor-saving. The staggering angle of the knife blade is well designed at 8-12 degrees per side, which can finish any task in kitchen, like cutting or slicing meat and vegetables as thin as possible.
UNIQUE HANDLE ：the handle is made from resin and stable wood, each one is unique
COMFORT & DESIGN: Ergonomic handle, more comfortable when using it, Knives have a strong durable bolster for perfect stability and control. Even if you use it for a long time, you won't feel tired and uncomfortable. It makes sure you enjoy your cooking time!
NOTICE: Wash the damascus chef knife in warm water and dry off immediately afterward to maintain optimal performance for the next use. Love knife, love life.
PERFECT GIFT: Damascus blade with stable wood handle, good helper in the kitchen, is really a good choice to be a gift for Mother, Father,chef."

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece stamped, which produces a strong blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 56-57.
The over-sized, hygienic, molded, seamless polypropylene handles provide comfort for the extreme demands of a commercial kitchen.
Handcrafted in Santa Catarina, Portugal.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

Narrow fillet knife can be used to fillet fish
Made of high-carbon steel, which resists corrosion, stains, and wear to maintain its edge
Wood handle is typically softer to hold than metal or polypropylene
Brass compression rivets secure handle to blade
Measures 14"" long overall, with a 9"" blade and a 5"" handle"

[Kitchen Knife Sets Combination]: 8 inch chef knife, 8 inch sashimi knife, 7 inch santoku knife, 5 inch utility knife, 3 inch Paring Knife. 5-piece knife set are packeting in the same gift box. This kitchen knife set is also a great gift for every occasion and for everyone.
[Sharp Damascus Steel Blade]: This set of knives is suitable for mincing, slicing and dicing. It likes heating butter when you cut with it; it is easy and accurate to cut vegetable, fruit, fish, and meat.
[Comfortable Handle]: The outstanding design of natural Dalbergia wood handle meets the requirements of human engineering. The agility and comfort make you control the cutter easily.
[Damascus Steel Material]: The 73-layer Damascus steel is used for blade. The material of steel core is high-carbon steel 10Cr15CoMoV with 1.0% carbon content. The Rockwell hardness is about 62 HRC. Vacuum heat treatment and nitrogen cooling technique are implemented, thus get the best characterization of the steel.
[Full Tang Handle]: Double forged full-tang from the blade all the way to the base of the handle, full tang handle offer a secure, non-slip and comfortable grip."

 CARBON FIBER SERIES - Brooklyn Knife Company has a reputation for high end custom knife manufacturing. Utilizing our extensive knowledge and experience we crafted a knife ready to tackle any culinary adventure you throw at it. Cut, mince and chop away with ease. We design and test our knives at our headquarters in Brooklyn, NY and in Japan to ensure complete satisfaction. Through your purchase you are joining us on our journey of culinary adventures and helping us give back to worthy charities
 EXQUISITE CRAFTSMANSHIP - Crafted of Japanese AUS-08 High Carbon Stainless Steel, our Carbon Fiber Edition offers all around peak performance. AUS-08 is known for keeping a sharp, durable edge and contains anti-corrosion properties. The Carbon Fibers on our ergonomic handle offers high tensile strength, low weight and thermal expansion, not to mention a stunning appearance. The full tang handle offers superior strength, comfort and the durability to withstand even the toughest of kitchens.
 PROTOTYPE DESIGN - We start with a vision and utilize prototypes to ensure our knives are breathtaking and highly versatile. Proper ergonomics ensures a comfortable grip while the precise angle and razor sharp blade feels like an extension of your hand. Rockwell hardness of 59 ensures your blade will stand up to your challenges. The striking appearance of our Carbon Fiber series will stand-out and be the pride of your kitchen.
 GIFT PRESENTATION - We designed an elegant gift box with magnetic closure to compliment the beauty of our knives. Arriving in style, our knives will delight even the toughest of critics and is impressive enough for a Queen. You will discover that we included a custom Sheath to protect the knife’s sharp edge and a cleaning cloth to keep your knife looking polished. Much like Brooklyn, NY and the iconic Brooklyn Bridge our knives are crafted to withstand the test of time.
 100% LIFETIME WARRANTY. JOIN US TODAY - Rest assured, we have you covered. Worry-Free Lifetime warranty against manufacturing defects. Please contact us with any issue or concern and we will make it right. Great present for Birthdays, Wedding, Anniversary, Mothers Day, Fathers Day, Christmas, Chefs, House Warming and so much more. Cuchillo de cocina para la preparación de comidas cortar dados picado picada profesional."

Good Balance Chef’s Knife: This is a beautiful, high-quality kitchen knife, easily one of the better ones that you have at this price point.Has amazing dimensional stability and high mechanical strength. Also relatively lightweight and impervious to water. It is triple riveted and slightly textured for a firm grip even when wet.
Ultra Sharp Knife: It is made in China of Japanese VG10 steel. VG10 is a high-end steel that is often used in premium kitchen knifes. It is renowned for its ability to hold an edge as well as to withstand rust. As expected, this knife is very sharp out of the packaging box. It has a premium feel and a good weight to it.
Sturdy Design & Handle: The knife has a G10 handle which is a high density glass resin fiber laminate material often used in high-end knives.Very durable and water resistant. It's a well-regarded material for knife handles. Natural pattern blade is particularly and striking made of high quality stainless steel not real Damascus knife.
Nice Package: Comes in a nice black hard paper box with a magnetic closure and a black velveteen-lined foam platform to hold the knife.With foam cushioning, cutouts to restrict movement, and plastic edge and tip covers. Go, fast, RUN! Put this in your cart and check out NOW! You won't regret it!
After Sales Services: We offer 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK policy. Do not hesitate to contact us if there are any problems, It's a pretty hefty knife, and I like that. If you're into lighter knifes, keep that in mind. It will feel so solid when picked it up. You really have no concerns over build quality or sturdiness/durability for this knife."

Razor-sharp Boning KnifeOur forged boning knife is a perfect choice for deboning, preparing, filleting, skinning, trimming, and butterflying. The razor-sharp blade can effortlessly pierce through skin and maneuvers skillfully around ribs, breastbone, and joints, quickly removing bones and meat. It can be used for your daily kitchen tasks of trimming brisket, slicing meat, filleting fish, breaking down a whole chicken, and deboning lamb ribs.
Premium QualityThe boning knife with an ergonomic wooden handle is comfortable and easy to hold. The Full Tang handle, which is different from the general kitchen knife welding handle, prevents the forged butcher knife from falling easily. The thick and sturdy blade is made of 5Cr15Mov high carbon steel that has wear-resistance corrosion resistance and long-lasting performance.
High Hardness & SharpnessAfter repeated manual forging and quenching, the density and purity of the steel are improved so that the hardness and sharpness of the blade are greatly improved. Hardness and sharpness are the same as Damascus knives. The unique hammered texture on the blade makes the kitchen knife beautiful and helps to prevent foods from sticking.
Buy Knife Get FREE SheathThe boning knife comes with a FREE portable leather sheath. It can protect your knife and can be attached to the belt for easy carrying when camping, hunting, fishing, and BBQ.
Exquisite WorkmanshipOur boning knife is produced by professional workers with abundant knife-making experience. In the quenching - hammer -tempering- clamping steel - hammer -quenching- tempering and other continuous cycle operations. This operation guarantees the hardness and sharpness of this knife. If uses it correctly. You can use the knife for 15--20 years."

High Quality Blade: This damascus knife is made of 67 layers of VG-10 high-carbon stainless steel (HRC 60±2). The high-quality steel improves the hardness of the blade and is easy to maintain. It has very good durability, anti-rust, anti-corrosion, and does not change color. Very suitable for all kinds of slicing, dicing and chopping. Easily complete your daily kitchen work.
Super Sharp 8 inch chef's knife: This japanese chef knife has ultra-sharp edges and perfect arc (10-15° on each side), which meets all the chef's requirements for the knife. Each knife is carefully processed and forged and vacuum heat-treated and polished through multiple processes to achieve the best balance of hardness, toughness and sharpness, providing unparalleled performance.
Octagonal ebony handle: This gyuto chef knife uses an ergonomic octagonal ebony handle that is very comfortable, providing excellent grip and perfect balance, excellent control, agility and comfort. The proper balance weight between the handle and the thin blade ensures easy movement. Even if you use it for a long time, no matter your hand size, left or right or holding position, you will not feel tired and uncomfortable.
Multi-function knife: This sushi knife japanese can easily handle your daily kitchen work. You can cut, slice, dice and chop all kinds of meat, fish, vegetables, fruits, bread, sushi, etc. It is suitable for Home and restaurant kitchen.
Perfect Gift：Comes with exquisite high-end white gift box packaging! If you are looking for a unique and exquisite gift, then this japanese knives is a good choice. The perfect gift for home chefs and cooking enthusiasts, mothers, fathers, grandparents, friends or yourself."

[Kitchen Knife Set Include]: 8 inch chef knife *1, 8 inch sashimi knife *1, 7 inch Santoku knife *1, 6 inch Nakiri knife *1, 5 inch utility knife *1, knife block *1, kitchen shears *1. 7 Piece knife set are packeting in the same gift box. This kitchen knife set is also a great gift for every occasion and for everyone.
[Sharp Damascus Steel Blade]: This set of knives is suitable for mincing, slicing and dicing. It likes heating butter when you cut with it; it is easy and accurate to cut vegetable, fruit, fish, and meat.
[Comfortable Handle]: The outstanding design of natural Dalbergia wood handle meets the requirements of human engineering. The agility and comfort make you control the cutter easily.
[Damascus Steel Material]: The 73-layer Damascus steel is used for blade. The material of steel core is high-carbon steel 10Cr15CoMoV with 1.0% carbon content. The Rockwell hardness is about 62 HRC. Vacuum heat treatment and nitrogen cooling technique are implemented, thus get the best characterization of the steel.
[First-rate Service]: We pursue the goal of satisfaction of every customer and high quality products and perfect service for every customer. If you have any problem in use, please feel free to contact us."

[HEZHEN Kiritsuke] is one of the most versatile and indispensable tools among all the knives that a chef can have. It is called a big kitchen knife in Japan. This knife is very suitable for all kinds of chefs. Kiritsuke's blade is better than the standard chef knife. It is wider and straighter, with a slightly curved tip, the straight end is suitable for cutting vegetables, and the curved long tip is suitable for cutting meat or fish.
[Selected Damascus Steel] HEZHEN Kiritsuke proprietary high-performance 110-layer full Damascus steel with a hardness of 60-61HRC. Because it contains Cr, Mo, and Co, it is more rust-resistant and more wear-resistant. This is the ratio of full Damascus steel The reason why mixed steel is better, at the same time has super sharpness and amazing beauty
Amazing performance: The skilled knifemaker uses the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method to finish the sharp edges of the scalpel at 15 degrees on each side. Nitrogen cooling enhances safety and flexibility. Kiritsuke's perfectly balanced and precise tapered blades can minimize surface resistance to achieve buttery smooth cutting and enhanced non-stick characteristics.
[Ergonomic octagonal handle] Kiritsuke is lightweight but powerful. The diamond-shaped handle provides ultra-high comfort and control, making Kiritsuke easy to manipulate and providing professional effects. The copper ring between G10 military materials and desert ironwood adds magic Balance, reduce fatigue after long-term use
[100% Quality Assurance] The purchase of HEZHEN knife comes with a lifetime warranty to avoid manufacturing defects. We believe that these knives can be used by beginners, cooking students or home chefs. Hezhen brand knives are always recommended by famous chefs."

PRICE ADVANTAGESuch a low price is really Damascus? No doubt about it, we are the factory outlet store, so the price is much better than the knives that sold by the agency. we have the certification of material, please mail to us if you need.
ULTRA SHARP Damascus 8 Inch Chef Knife Made of superior VG-10 Japanese damascus Steel (HRC 60±2), It is suitable for chopping, mincing, slicing and dicing any fruit, fish, meat, sushi and vegetables for both home and restaurant kitchens.
VG10 Japanese Damascus High Carbon Steel & Best Cutting Edge 67-Layers forged VG-10 Japanese premium Damascus steel ensures this Japanese utility knife with a high level of rust-resistance, wear-resistance and long-lasting performance. VG-10 Japanese super steel cutting core at 62+ Rockwell hardness. Minimal Slicing Resistance.
PROFFESIONAL TEAMBefore leaving the KNIFAST factory, every knife has been strickly inspected to make sure all knives with best quality.
100% SATISFACTIONPlease contact us for any questions. We will reply within 8 hours and help solve the problem until you are satisfied."

Professional Kitchen Knife - The kitchen paring knife uses Damascus steel core. After many times of folding and manufacturing, create good edge retention and reduce the frequency of sharpening. And the toughness and durability have been greatly improved.
Ergonomic and Comfortable Handle - The handle is made of resin, and the unique blue handle is nobler with the classical golden coil. It has a good waterproof, heat resistance and anti-slip design, even if used for a long time will not feel tired. At the same time, the lightweight handle is also great for people with small palms.
Sharp Performance - Hand polished edge by skilled craftsman ensure its Sharpness and Permanence, which can effortless to cut most of the fruits and vegetables. Whether you’re a master cook or a newbie, our utility knife will help you cook faster, easier & cleaner and have a great time doing it!
Designed for Small Kitchen - The knife can be used for many kitchen cutting tasks, perfectly sized for intricate work such as peeling, shaping, garnishing, coring, cutting vegetables and fruits. It will be your best kitchen assistant to help you play your best cooking skills.
Lifetime Warranty - Your satisfaction is our top priority. Each knife comes with a high-quality black magnetic gift box. It’s very suitable for your own use or as a unique gift to your friends.If you are not satisfied with the purchased product, please contact us immediately, We will give you a replacement or refund. Try it risk-free."

STAIN-RESISTANT STEEL : Misono's Molybdenum line of knives are created with a high carbon stain resistant molybdenum steel blade.
THE ULTIMATE BONING KNIFE : The honesuki is a poultry boning knife used to separate the meat from the bones. It is lighter and thinner than the garasuki and can be used in place of a Western boning knife.
QUALITY ASSURANCE : Misono's popularity stems from the thin profile that allows the knife to be used and sharpened for a long period of time.
EXCEPTIONAL SHARPNESS : 70:30 Asymmetrical bevel. By concentrating the sharpening on the face of the blade at a steeper angle than on the back, a thin cutting edge is created that approaches the sharpness of a traditional Japanese single edged design.
LIGHT & NIMBLE : Lightweight and thin, Japanese knives have a sharper blade and maintain their sharpness longer than most other knives."

The Omega Series Knives are a precision made instrument. Ideal for briskets, roasts, ham, turkey, sides of salmon, and expertly suited for prepping large fruits and vegetables, slicing bread loaves and layer cakes, the screamingly sharp blade ensures ultra-thin, uniform slices in a single stroke. These Knives are a required addition for every pitmaster, chef, baker, home cook, & more.
The “LiquidMetal” pattern on the blade reduces drag and increases efficiency, allowing you to glide through prep. Featuring ultra-premium American forged BD1N-VX hyper steel, the addition of Nitrogen increases hardness, flexibility, and toughness, while the blade's composition and added vacuum heat-treatment to 63HRC provide astonishing performance, with a screamingly sharp edge. Painstakingly finished to 8-12° per side by expert blade smiths using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method.
The G10 woven fibreglass handle is near impervious to heat, cold and moisture and is presented in a midnight black with subtle dark red colorings. Centered in the full-tang handle is an ornate and over-sized copper and brass mosaic, creating a distinct and striking appearance. The painstakingly detailed craftsmanship continues with the Dalstrong lionhead insignia carefully engraved on both the mirror-polished end-cap and blade itself.
A black PU leather sheath with button clip and distinctive red-stitching is also included to ensure the blades stylish protection and your own safety. Featuring all the precision, premium materials and workmanship you would expect from Dalstrong, only dialled up.
See why thousands of professional chefs and home cooks love and trust the DALSTRONG DIFFERENCE. 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it!"

VG10 super steel
Authentic thin Japanese blade profile
Hand-honed using the three-step Honbazuke process to a 9.5 to 12 degree edge
CRYODUR blade, ice-hardened to Rockwell 60
65-layer flower Damascus design with katana edge"

[Exquisite Design]: European and American design are applied to the handle and blade of YARENH chef knife, which is specialized, fashionable, beautiful, and aesthetic. This kitchen knife is also a great gift for every occasion and for everyone.
[Sharp Damascus Steel Blade]: This cooking knife is suitable for mincing, slicing and dicing. It likes heating butter when you cut with it; it is easy and accurate to cut vegetable, fruit, fish, and meat.
[Comfortable Handle]: The outstanding design of natural Dalbergia wood handle meets the requirements of human engineering. The agility and comfort make you control the cutter easily.
[Damascus Steel Material]: The 73-layer Damascus steel is used for blade. The material of steel core is high-carbon steel 10Cr15CoMoV with 1.0% carbon content. The Rockwell hardness is about 62 HRC. Vacuum heat treatment and nitrogen cooling technique are implemented, thus get the best characterization of the steel.
[Full Tang Handle]: Double forged full-tang from the blade all the way to the base of the handle, full tang handle offer a secure, non-slip and comfortable grip."

This set of Slitzer 8pc Professional German-Style Jumbo Steak Knives are the knife of choice in many professional steak houses
Restaurant owners love them because they feel hefty in the hand of the customer, and feature supreme construction details
Full tang, stainless steel half-serrated blades, this knife set has a $79.92 open stock value
Case measures 7-1/2"" x 13"" x 2""
Limited lifetime warranty."

Well-Designed Chef KnifeMSY BIGSUNNY forged kiritsuke chef Knife is kitchen knife with a curved blade that smoothly rocks back and forth and has an extended tip for quick chopping that can be used to cut meat, fish, and vegetables, are suitable for daily use by any chef.
Razor Sharp EdgeThe knife blade is made of 67 layers damascus steel & 10Cr15CoMoV core at 60-62 Rockwell Hardness with a hand polished edge at 15 degrees per side. Expertly crafted with a tapered stainless steel edge that cuts with ease and efficiency. The hammered texture of the blade eliminates friction and keeps food from sticking to the blade.
Premium Handle Material and Traditional Octagonal DesignTraditional octagonal sandalwood handle comes with 1-Metal Mosaic Rivet for a durable yet balanced and comfortable grip. Combined with its unbeatable balance that is lightweight and ergonomically welds to the hand for seamless use. you can experience the knife's maximum comfort and reduce strain on your arm so you can look like a professional while developing your highest culinary expression.
Craft Handmade Traditional Forged Processing. MSY BIGSUNNY kitchen knives are designed to show the beauty of eastern chef’s knives and focusing on comfortability, efficiency for the everyday.
100% Satisfaction or Money Back Guarantee for You We promise a superior product that will give you a lifetime of exemplary service, try it risk free, we know you'll love it! With the luxury packing it is also the wise choice as a gift(Christmas, weddings, birthdays, fathers day, mothers day), for culinary students, home cooks, professional chefs and more."

15 Inches x 2 Inches x 2 MM Thickness - Ladder Pattern Custom Handmade Damascus Steel Billet Bar Blank Blade for Knife Making - Jewellery Making - Cutlery Making and for Other Making Purpose.
Quality material used 1095 / 15N20 alloy steels (352 true layers)
Our all items are 100% handmade and 100% original damascus steel - If you have any kind of question about our item please contact us
We also have more than 15 types of patterns in different size on demand.
Acid etched stunning pattern and annealed with best quality guaranteed"

VG10 super steel
Authentic thin Japanese blade profile
Hand-honed using the three-step Honbazuke process to 9.5 to 12 degree edge
CRYODUR blade ice-hardened to Rockwell 60
65-layer flower Damascus design with a katana edge
Rounded spine and heel
Three-rivet handle made of glass-bead-enhanced POM"

High Quality Hand forged Damascus Steel Chef/Kitchen Knife With Red Wood Handle"

Professional santoku knifeThis 8-inch chef's knife santoku super sharp knife is made of German high-carbon steel to prevent rust, corrosion and discoloration. It can be used for your daily kitchen tasks
Super sharp edgeProfessional blade polishing makes this Japanese knife sharper than other knives, and it has been proven to withstand the harsh use of the restaurant. The thickness is 2mm. Its hand-polished edges are 15-18 degrees on each side, strong and sharp, and can do the job perfectly
Smooth design8-inch santoku chef's knife, smooth design, easier to clean, especially suitable for slicing, dicing and chopping all kinds of meat, vegetables, fruits and bread. It is suitable for home and restaurant kitchens
Ergonomic designThe Pakkawood handle minimizes wrist tension while providing a safe and comfortable grip, regardless of your hand size or grip position. Even if you use it for a long time, your palms and wrists will not get tired. It is very suitable for those who often cook and those who like to prepare snacks
The perfect giftThis knife is packed in a high-quality black gift box and is a perfect gift for your loved one"

MADE WITH TOP GRADE JAPANESE 67-layer Damascus Steel, VG-10 cutting core, HRC 60-62 hardness for exceptional sharpness, edge retention, and durability while being easy to sharpen
Blade size (length x width x thickness): 7 inches x 1.75 inches x 2.5 millimeters; net weight 0.45 pound
Full tang design with sealed-tight, waterproof, and durable brown color Pakkawood handle for a non-slip and comfortable grip
Long-lasting, sharp edge for cutting meat, chopping or slicing vegetables (DO NOT chop bones)
Crafted in ISO 9001 certified Taiwan factory with steel imported from Japan; limited lifetime warranty against defects"

 KNIVES BUILT TO LAST: We bring you a range of high-quality, stunning Japanese chef knives, handcrafted using only the finest materials, where quality meets elegance.
 PREMIUM QUALITY: Made from Japanese Damascus Steel, 67 layers of VG10 stainless steel ensures that this Damascus chef knife lasts a lifetime.
 GREAT VALUE FOR YOUR MONEY: Buy safely, with our Free 30-day return 100% refund. If you are not satisfied for any reason, simply return the item for a full refund, no questions asked.
 ERGONOMICALLY DESIGNED: Individually built each Japanese knife, boasts military-grade G10 black rounded handle developed by our leading product development experts. Our signature mosaic inlay motif also acts as a third rivet, beautiful yet practical. Simply clean with a damp cloth, dry away from any excess moisture then store safely.
 TOP PERFORMANCE: Our Damascus knife blade is sharpened exactly to a 13-degree V-Ground edge, ensuring that each side of the blade is at optimum sharpness. The razor sharpness allows effortless rocking motion chopping and assuring a clean cut. Corrosion and rust-resistant razor-sharp chef knife blade measures in at 7 inches, making it a perfect all-rounder for professional and amateur chefs alike."

CLEAR UP KITCHEN COUNTER & SPACE-SAVING - A double-sided magnetic design can easily hold up to 12 knives, with additional storage on the back to hold your cutting board. Knives are easily accessible when you need them, there is no need to rummage in drawers looking for knives. ENOKING knife block magnetic not only can keep your kitchen countertop neat and organized but also showcase your knife collection, beautiful and elegant.
POWERFUL DOUBLE-SIDED MAGNETIC DESIGN - Built-in multiple enhanced black magnetic stripes, wide-coverage, strong adsorption to secure the knife blades securely in place, even if cutlery widgets, no need to worry about falling off. Also suitable for common household kitchen knives and other metal kitchen tools (steak knife, chef knife, scissors, sharpener).
PROTECT ACRYLIC SHIELD & ANTI-SLIP FEET - Transparent acrylic protection eliminates potential injuries caused by sharp knife blades, essential for families with children or pets. The anti-slip base design makes the tool placement more arbitrary and stable, and no need to worry about slipping or shaking. The acrylic shield can be disassembled when you do not need it.
MADE of NATURAL HIGH-QUALITY ACACIA WOOD - Durable & sturdy with a beautiful pattern texture that complements any kitchen. Unlike a magnetic knife strip or magnetic knife bar, wooden material prevents knives from getting dull, as they prevent unnecessary friction with other metals.
NO INSTALLATION NEEDED & EASY TO CLEAN - Save the tedious installation steps, ENOKING knife stand won't damage your walls or kitchen countertops. The surface is smooth and delicate with a clear view, easier to clean & maintain than slotted knife holders.
LIFETIME CUSTOMER SERVICE - All of the ENOKING product's packaging are upgraded to ensure that every product is delivered to you in perfect condition. If you have any needs, please don't hesitate to contact us. ENOKING always values each opportunity that can hear the customer's voice."

Set of six (6) high carbon stainless steel steak knives, Beautiful Black classic steak knives.
This 4.25-inch steak knife handles are made of the patent PROFLEX the best and durable handle texture available on the marked. It is a good grip and slip resistance handle.
The blade length is 4.25-inch long. Round tip. Serrated edge. Made of high carbon stainless steel. Hand sharpened to make sure this will stand up for years of daily use without undue deterioration or wear.
Imported from Portugal. Lifetime warranty. NSF (National Sanitary Foundation) approved.
Dishwasher safe. Rust free."

All-in-one complete set  A specialized set of kitchen knives for all your chopping needs.Includes 5 professional knives: chef knife, santoku knife, bread knife, carving knife, utility knife.
Germany High Quality Steel  KONOLL series uses Germany steel - 5CR15MOV. A great steel for the everyday use of any chef. With an HRC of 56+/-2 it will take an angled edge and hold it for long enough to help extend the life of your knife (w/ general maintenance). The clad dimple allow for easy food release while slicing or dicing. This blade is great for vegetables, fruits, fish, and meats. [Please refrain from cutting frozen products as this may detriment the knife's edge.]
Weight/Balance  The balance point runs heel to spine up the billet. Allowing the user a comfortable grip with precise cuts, and less wear and tear on the users hands. The weight is towards the blade of the knife making for efficient use during rock chopping motion.
Stainless steel blade with high-carbon  The professional 8 inch chef's knife is made from high-quality stainless steel. And to boost its sturdiness, the steel contains 0.6%-0.75% carbon, making it two times as hard as other knives in its class as they contain just 0.3% carbon.
LIFETIME WARRANTY  100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE,Lifetime warranty against defects or workmanship, Try it risk free.If you try it， You will love it and you can't extricate yourself!"

Hard and solid cutting edge , perfect girp . thin blade . razor sharp edge
Handmade , Forged Damascus Steel (1095 / 4340)
precise pattern , quality forge"
"The ergonomic composite handles are comfortable to hold, easy to clean, and make cutting a breeze.
The sleek black coated blades look stunning in any kitchen!
The patented GINSU serration pattern means these knives will be forever sharp!
This set includes: 8"" Chef Knife, 8"" Bread Knife, 7"" Santoku, 4.5"" Utility, 3.5"" Paring, (4) 4.5"" Steak Knives, Black Wood Block"

ALL-IN-ONE COMPLETE SET - Professional Damascus Knives set includes 8”Chef Knife, 8”Slicing Knife, 8”Bread Knife, 7” Santoku Knife, 5.5”Utility Knife, 3.5”Paring Knife, Kitchen Shears, Knife Sharpener to stay sharp and natural wooden Block
QUALITY DESIGN - Knives are crafted with VG10 steel core 67 layers superior damascus steel blades for precision and accuracy. HRC 60-62 hardness for exceptional sharpness, edge retention. Curved design handle provides comfort and support
DURABLE & EASY TO CLEAN - The integrated design of the blade and the shank is not easy to break, safe and durable. It ensures long lasting performance and easy to clean. You can save a lot of time on cleaning
EASY TO CARE & STORAGE - Wooden block part is made of durable natural fraxinus mandschurica, and the knife slots is easier to insert and remove, safe and sanitary. Use more assured
LIFETIME WARRANTY - Every knife set is backed by superior quality and under strict quality inspection. Our aim is 100% satisfied customers. Return it anytime and get a full refund when you are not happy with our knife set"

Kurouchi translates as “Black-Forged” and this unique style of forging offers a characteristic look and an unpolished rustic aesthetic finish to the blade. With a HRC of 62-63, the core of Blue Steel #2 is prized for its high edge retention and provides an extremely sharp edge that is able to maintain its sharpness over extended period of time. The Kurouchi Stainless Cladding allows the blade to be more forgiving to moisture while still having superior edge retention and sharpness intact.
Our Yoshihiro Kurouchi Stainless Clad Knives are clad in 2 layers of full Kurouchi stainless steel that provides durability and protection without sacrificing its sharp cutting edge. Traditional Kurouchi knives will always be made out of highly reactive carbon steel but this knife is exceptional in that the Kurouchi finish is on the Stainless Cladding which is a new development in modern metallurgy and is highly rare and difficult to forge.
One of the most popular knives that a cook can have today is a Japanese Vegetable knife known as a Nakiri knife. The Nakiri is a Japanese double edged knife with a flat cutting edge. The flatness allows for the whole length of the knife to come in contact with the cutting board with each stroke. This is particularly helpful when chopping vegetables since it eliminates those imperfect cuts in which ingredients are hanging by a string.
Proudly made in Japan and not mass produced. This knife is complimented with a traditional Japanese Wa-style handcrafted Octagonal Handle that is lightweight and ergonomically welds to the hand for seamless use. An optional and recommended protective wooden sheath called a Saya can be purchased together, which protects the knife and adds to its appearance when not in use. Every knife from Yoshihiro is handcrafted by master artisans creating a unique one-of-a-kind work of art.
Traditional Japanese knife making values a sharp edge, which requires attention and care. Sharpening and honing should be done with only water whetstones. Hand wash and dry only, and do so immediately if working with acidic ingredients. Do not use on objects such as bones, nutshells, and frozen foods. Carbon steel can oxidize if not properly maintained. Keep dry and oil regularly to prevent oxidation along the knife's edge."

12 MM Super Thick Blade and Heavy Duty Meat Cleaver The 12 mm super thick blade, which makes it heavier than the normal butcher knife, but is very sturdy. It's especially good at cutting large chunks of meat, tough bones and any tough cooking task. It is very suitable for professional butchers in slaughter house. Keep in mind that this handmade high carbon steel butcher knife is not dishwasher-safe. You will need to hand-wash it and keep it clean and dry to resist rust after each use.
Forged Blade for Breaking BoneRail Steel is high quality Chinese Steel and widely used to make rails for Chinese railway lines, also make solid traditional kitchen knives. Forged blade is great corrosion resistance, wear resistance, high hardness, and tensile strength. Edge is painstakingly hand sharpened, maintaining perfect balance between blade sharpness and maximum resilience. Hand forged cleaver with High hardness material 12 mm thick blade, make sure to be PERFECT FOR BONE CUTTING.
100% Handmade Butcher Knife8.5’’ cleaver Handle and Blade are 100% handmade. Handle is from high mountain century-old Zelkova trees and blade is forged and sharpen manually by Chinese experienced workers without adding any modern chemical substances. Real nature material handle, real original ecology, our butcher knife is really one of the strongest kitchen knives that have power through anything placed before it with brutal efficiency. Peak performance definitely exceeds your expectation.
Some Flaws in Handmade Butcher KnifeDue to our butcher knife is not made by machine, it is all made by professional craftsmen, so it is a little rough. The surface of blade is not polished very smoothly and some oil in the blade prevent rust,and handle is rough with natural Zelkova Wood. However, our butcher knife is one of the strong knives enough to cut any bone. If you don’t like this handmade rough butcher knife, you may choose KITORY other knives.
100% Satisfaction WarrantyWe guarantee lifetime free replacement. So you don’t have to wonder if you are risking your money. Please feel free to contact us with any questions. If you get our butcher knife, you will find some black oil on the blade. Please don’t worry, these only make the blades last longer and prevent rust. With the luxury packing it is also the wise choice as a gift for culinary students, home cooks, professional chefs and more in Christmas."

Premium quality materials distilled into high-performing, no-frills bladed tools sure to get the job done right. Superior blade construction. Expertly handcrafted with ultra-sharp 7cr17mov high-carbon stainless steel. Increased carbon and chromium count for unparalleled edge retention at 57-59 HRC versus other similar Swiss competitors. Thoughtfully engineered for the chef, butcher and any other culinary professionals.
Go the distance. Knives that can take a beating and keep on performing. Boasting full tang for extra strength and durability, these knives give you the highest performance possible per dollar spent. Expertly hand-sharpened to a screamingly sharp edge at 14-15 degrees per side giving you a steeper blade edge that lasts longer over it’s competitors. Each stain and corrosion resistant blade is brought to a beautiful polish by hand before undergoing rigorous quality control tests.
Chef-Certified. The precisely engineered ABS/TPE polymer blend black ‘Crius' handle ensures a heat, cold and moisture resistant grip, and a satisfyingly secure hold - even in wet or greasy environments. Chef approved ergonomic handle design is engineered for superior hand control, agility and comfort. Perfectly balanced to minimize hand and write fatigue to endure any culinary challenge. Remain confident in your control in even the busiest of kitchens.
Built to maintain the highest of standards. The easy-clean ‘Crius’ handle is molded perfectly to the blade to prevent food or unwanted particles from entering any crevice, promising the ultimate sanitary food prep that is essential for professional kitchens. National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) certified.
Titan Forge Pro Series Promise: 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Ultimate customer service experience for the ultimate professional."

Razor SharpThe blade of asian chef knife is sharpened to 15º, which is sharper than traditional western-style knives that are typically sharpened to 25º; Its scalloped grooves on the sides of the blade edge helps with reducing friction and sticking of foods; Thus, a sharp knife will not only ensure that food prep is easier, but it will also be safer
Comfortable Handle One piece of solid metal, so no risk of any handle attachments coming off; The hollow handle allows the cooking knife to be balanced at a certain point; A swell in the middle to ensure better contact with your palm and fingers as well as provide a natural rotation point for the blade; This makes food preparation easier and more comfortable
Super Versatile Chinese cleaver knife, also known as a vegetable cleaver or Chinese slicing cleaver, is a useful tool for slicing, dicing, and mincing both boneless meat and vegetables; In Chinese culture, a single knife is traditionally used for all kitchen tasks, which is why this blade may also be referred to as a Chinese chef knife
Economical ChoiceThe cleaver knife's blade material is German 1.4116 stainless steel which is a carbon, martensitic stainless steel with moderate corrosion resistance, good strength and the ability to obtain and keep moderate hardness at 56±2HRC and wear resistance; This allows for the knife to be of reduced thickness, making the stainless steel knives more economical
TURWHO TrustTURWHO meat cleaver can perform almost all cutting tasks in the kitchen, it is excellent at chopping all types of ingredients quickly with precision; The TURWHO kitchen knives are truly versatile in what they can do, we created them perfect tool that will help prepare any dish with ease"

BLADE MATERIAL - Paring knife made with 67 layers damascus steel, VG-10 cutting core, HRC 60-62 hardness for exceptional sharpness, edge retention. Elegant hammered blade with stylish and functional design, can eliminate friction and keep food from sticking to the blade.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE - Ergonomic handle shape of paring knife is engineered for superior control, agility and comfort, hand polished, achieving highly impervious to heat, cold, moisture.
SUPERIOR SHARPNESS - Seek design creates unmatched control and minimal slicing resistance. No tearing or squishing, only ruthless efficiency. Features HRC( Rockwell Hardness Scale) of 60-62 and a sharp edge which ensures our paring knife maximum cutting performance and durability.
MULTI-FUNCTIONAL - This professional paring knife is multipurpose kitchen knife.You can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks of slicing of fruits and vegetables,like garnishing, mincing, or peeling, dicing.
LIFETIME WARRANTY - Lifetime warranty against manufacturing defects. 100% satisfaction or full money back. Our team will help you deal with your problem or get rid of the confusion within 6 hours. This is exactly the kitchen companion you need, buy with confidence."

TITANIUM COATING: Designed for professionals that want only the best when they cook. Manufactured with Titanium,damascus pattern gold colored coating that guarantees long lasting sharpness and prevents corrosion.
HIGH QUALITY MATERIALS: Made of first-class Stainless Steel that won't bend like commonly used, cheaper materials and will always provide a perfect cut. Use it to cut soft vegetables and fruits or even large pieces of meat!
ERGONOMICAL DESIGN: The carefully shaped, comfortable rubber handle will never tire your hand or create calluses after a long cooking session. This is a must have accessory for every cook and chef that spends many hours in a kitchen cutting and processing food!
NON-STICK BLADE: Specifically designed to prevent sticking and make cutting easier. It helps prevent food from sticking which allows you to cut faster, easier, and with precision. The coating allows the knife to glide effortlessly through raw fish, vegetables, meats, sushi, cheeses, and more.
EASY MAINTENANCE: Thanks to its simple, straight blade without teeth you are able to clean the knife in seconds. Place it under a sink with running water and get ready for another exciting round of professional slicing!"

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, Swedish Sandvik 14C28N Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. 2016 Red Dot Award Winner, A Design Award Winner, 2018 German Design Award Winner. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. Holds an edge up to 5 times longer than German Steel. Hand sharpened to a 16-degree angle per side. HRC 59 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
Set includes: 8"" chef's knife, 8"" bread knife, 7"" santoku knife, 6"" boning knife, 5"" serrated utility knife, 3.5"" paring knife, 2.75"" peeling knife, (4) serrated steak knives, 8"" honing steel, 9"" all metal detachable shears and a Solid Maple Magnetic storage block.
Magnetic maple storage block works with the knives tastefully, featuring 3 separate blocks firmly anchored by strong magnets. You can freely move essential knives close to the action.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

Material: Blade- SUS304 Stainless Steel, edge- Hard alloy powder forged steel, handle-ebony wood.
Razor sharp: Hard alloy edge with 63 Rockwell hardness (HRC) through unique edged open technical offer super sharp experience (Technical master has more than 15 years’ experience for knife edged open).
SUS304 Blade: Rust- proof and anti-corrosion, very easy to clean, never worry again food on it when forget clean.
Ebony wooden Handle: use high quality ebony wooden design the handle, it isn’t easy deformation, ergonomic handle design offers comfortable grip (NOTE: Don't leave your chef knives in the kitchen sink or put into dishwasher. Any wooden handle will expand after soaking a long time)
Well balance- Comfortable grip, light weight reduces hand fatigue when long time deal the food"

A true warrior never dies. The Valhalla Series are a collection of precision-forged, ultra-sharp, and wear-resistant knives with godlike performance that will withstand the test of time. Crafted of premium materials with a look and feel that can only be described as divine, you’ll reach for these sublimely designed knives time and time again.
The 4"" Paring Knife is small but mighty, ideal for reaching total perfection in the tiniest details. Take on all of your intricate tasks with confidence, from skinning and peeling to deveining and seed removal.
Forged from a single-piece, high carbon steel at 60+ Rockwell hardness and hand-sharpened to a savage 8-12 degrees per side, the full-tang blade will channel all your might with every slice.
The celestial resin handle — reinforced with stabilized wood and a stainless steel bolster — feels sturdy and turns heads with its rugged and gorgeous design. Complete with a Valhalla-embossed leather sheath, you can keep your knife protected on the go or stashed in a drawer.
Dalstrong Trust: Rocksolid 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Renowned Dalstrong customer service. See why chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Dalstrong Difference'. Dalstrong luxury packaging. Now you are slicing with POWER. Dalstrong POWER!"

CLASSIC KITCHEN KNIFE 6-PIECE SET ULTRA-SHARP EDGE- Sharpness is the key! Razor-sharp and laser-tested blade effortlessly chop, minces, slices, and dices. The Pro chef's knife blade is painstakingly hand sharpened to 13-15° per side, maintaining the perfect balance between ultra-thin slicing and maximum resilience for smooth cutting through.
GERMAN HIGH-CARBON MATERIALThe best materials to update your cooking! The chef's knifives set is made of high carbon forged stainless steel(440A) which comes with 54+ Rockwell Hardness, makes each chef knife has extremely anti-corrosion, rust-resistance, long-lasting edge, and excellent toughness.
KITCHEN KNIFE HAVE A STRONG DURABLE HANDLE perfect stability and control: The ergonomics shape enables the right balance between the handle and the thin blade, comfort grip, can reduce strain on your arm, even after prolonged use. you won't feel finger numbness and tired and uncomfortable.
SHARP KNIVES：the texture of the High-carbon Stainless Steel Chef Knife for kitchen blade eliminates friction and keeps food from sticking to the blade. Sharp, sturdy & practical to do the job well. that cuts with ease and efficiency, It makes sure you enjoy your cooking time!
 [Best after-sales service]: After use, please wash with water and dry for storage. If any problem, Contact us. This multifunctional knife set is a great gift for family and friends."

[Necessary Kitchen Helper] A dual-purpose knife in Japanese style that can easily dealing with both meat and sushi. In Japanese, it's pronounced ""kirtsuke bōchō"". It not only can be used for processing vegetables and meat but also for processing sashimi.
[High-quality Equipment] Through strict forging processes, we use high quality carbon stainless steel for the blade, which makes it sharp, firm and practical. You can easily complete your daily kitchen tasks with it. It also ensures long-lasting performance and easy cleaning.
[Ergonomic Comfortable Handle] Resin handle, streamlined blade shape, in line with ergonomic design, keeps a proper balance between handle and blade. It is durable and easy to operate. You won't feel numb even when using it for a long time.
[Exquisite Appearance] The handle is made of resin. You're able to enjoy such a smoothing, fresh and slightly soft color with Lucite green reflections. The blade has wavy laser engraving pattern, which is exquisite and beautiful. This tool is an ideal choice for gift giving as well.
[Meet What You Need] Please note that the knife is not designed to be as extremely sharp as knives which hardness are over 55 HRC, such as German 1.4116 steel knives and VG-10 knives. The beauty of it is that the knife is more than enough to meet the daily needs in kitchen. To ensure the service life of it, please do not use it on hard bones and do keep it well maintenance."

SET FEATURES - The knife set includes a Santoku knife (knife: 11.8/ blade: 6.7-inch), a small Santoku knife (knife: 9.3/ blade: 4.9-inch) and an Office knife (knife: 7.5/ blade: 3.3-inch).Whetstone: grit #1000 / #3000
HIGHEST QUALITY - Thanks to VG10 Damascus steel, a blade hardness of 60±2 HRC is achieved. The Damascus steel knives in this professional kitchen knife set have extra sharp blades that stay that way. High- quality whetstone knife sharpener suitable for Damascus blades
ERGONOMIC HANDLE - Best balanced Chinese chef knife set for meat, fish, sushi, sashimi and vegetables. With ergonomically designed handles made of G10 (sturdier than any wooden handle) for fatigue-free work in the kitchen.
PERFECT AS A GIFT - This knife set is a visual highlight and not only the perfect gift idea for the grilling season. Damascus professional all-purpose knife set together with sharpning stone make a special gift for all knife lovers!
WITH LUXURIOUS WOODEN GIFT BOX - Thanks to the beautiful wooden packaging, the knife set can be given away directly and is a great joy for every ambitious cook!"

INOX Aus-10 is commonly used in high-end Japanese knives and provides a good foundation to build a knife with well-rounded attributes. While very similar to AUS-8, the increased carbon content in AUS-10 Stainless Steel results in a knife with higher edge retention and durability. The quality of the steel together with its expert craftsmanship makes this a professional quality chefs knife with an excellent blend of razor sharpness, durability, and comfort that is unrivaled in its price range.
One of the most essential knives a chef can have is a Japanese slicing knife known as a Sujihiki knife. The Sujihiki is a slicing knife with a long narrow blade that smoothly slices through meat or vegetables and preserves the integrity of each ingredient's freshness. The Sujihiki slicer is perfect for fabricating large roasts to thinly slicing cucumbers or smoked salmon.
From slicing filets of fish fresh from the fish monger to carving a roast chicken straight from the oven, even the simplest tasks are elevated with a handcrafted knife that is as beautiful as it is functional. Every knife from Yoshihiro is handcrafted by master artisans creating a unique one-of-a-kind work of art.
Proudly made in Japan. This knife is complimented with a premium Western Style Handle that extends to the full tang of the knife and ergonomically welds to the hand for seamless use. This particular knife series emphasizes a superior cutting edge by utilizing an exceptionally thin blade design that will effortlessly cut through ingredients with very little abrasions to its surface. Every knife from Yoshihiro is handcrafted by master artisans creating a unique one-of-a-kind work of art.
Traditional Japanese knife making values a sharp edge, which requires attention and care. Sharpening and honing should be done with only water whetstones. Hand wash and dry only, and do so immediately if working with acidic ingredients. Do not use on objects such as bones, nutshells, and frozen foods."

PROFESSIONAL SANTOKU KNIFE: This knife has proven its ability to withstand the rigors of tough restaurant use, it is also suitable for home use. Superb robustness for even more resilience.
ALL-PURPOSE KITCHEN KNIFE: The Santoku knife is nimble enough for almost all kinds of slicing dicing and mincing, easily to re-sharpen, clean and maintain. It truly is the all-around cooking knife.
SHARP BLADE: The blade of this chef knife is made of high carbon stainless steel, which has high rust resistance and excellent edge retention making it very easy to maintain. This knife is so sharp for chicken, vegetable, fruit, and beef. The blade's sharp edge will allow you to cut food effortlessly for a long time.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE: The blade of this kitchen knife is integrated with the soft and comfortable handle, creating the perfect grip; The ergonomic shape enables the right balance between the handle and the thin blade, ensuring ease of movement.
BEAUTIFUL PATTERN: The special pattern blade is particularly and strikingly (5Cr15Mov stainless steel kitchen knives, not real Damascus). We Offer 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK policy. KONOLL provides a lifetime against defects in material and workmanship."

PERFECT BLEND OF JAPANESE REFINEMENT AND PRECISION WITH GERMAN DURABILITY: Japanese VG-10 Steel blade provides superb hardness to hold a better edge, while the German-inspired G-10 handle is impervious to wetness and extremely durable.
ERGONOMIC DESIGN: The full tang, triple riveted handle has been carefully designed with the ideal weight and balance to fit your hand perfectly. Promotes efficient and comfortable use over long periods!
DAMASCUS-INSPIRED BLADE CONSTRUCTION: 67-layer steel layering process creates a natural, elegant blade.
TOP-QUALITY CRAFTSMANSHIP: This chef knife set will last for many years without tarnishing or breaking. Designed for the best experience possible.
1 KNIFE PER ORDER: Each order includes one knife, the perfect addition to your kitchen's knife collection. Great for slicing, dicing, and chopping!"

PREMIUM STEEL KNIFE: The chef knife is made from top-quality Japanese stainless steel and honed to a fine edge for superior cutting performance
STURDY HANDLE: Durable, dual-riveted knife handle and bolster are designed for long-lasting strength and stability with a comfortable grip
PROTECTIVE STORAGE: Chef knife comes with sheath to protect and preserve blade between use
EASY TO CLEAN: Hand-washing is recommended for long-lasting cutting, slicing and dicing performance
LIFETIME WARRANTY"

PREMIUM DAMASCUS STEEL: Made By 67 Layers High Carbon Damascus Steel with 10Cr core, Hardness could reach 62HRC, also include a strong feature of anti-corrosion, anti-rust and also toughness.
ERGONOMIC DESIGN HANDLE: GAINSCOME Ergonomic handle design will create a comfortable holding and give the best level to carve through everything easily.
RAZOR SHARP PERFECT: With the 10Cr core, the blade is incredibly strong and stable. The razor sharp edge could be kept for months of frequent daily use. With outstanding sharpness, you could easily carve any shape of ingredients.
CRAFTSMANSHIP SPIRIT: Best Material and Strictness on Finishing, our craftsman plays an important parts on polishing, grinding and edging. Make it to be a masterpiece.
GAINSCOME TRUST: 100% SATIFICATION GUANRANTEE OR YOUR MONEY BACK. try it risk free. Sharp, light, a good fruit carving knife,that will enhanced a pleasant cooking feeling for carving knife vegetables fruits"

[Perfect Gift]: This steak knife set is a perfect gift for anniversaries, housewarming, Thanksgiving, family dinners, birthdays, and other activities with its luxurious and elegant box, You can use it to cut steak, bread, Ham, lamb chops, chicken chops, pizza cutting, etc. Your friends or your family can enjoy a delicious meal with this helpful gift.
Special Surface & Serrated BladeThe blade of the XITUO steak knife set is designed in a bright and clean mirror surface which makes its laser pattern look beautiful and unique. We used the latest serrated technology on its blades to ensure the smoothness of meat cutting without tearing the food changing the taste of the meat.
SUPERIOR QUALITY & Multi-Purpose  We choose premium German stainless steel on this Serrated steak knife set to improve its hardness, flexibility, sharpness. Based on its peak performance, it can use as a dinner, table, or kitchen knife to cut steak, pork, and poultry.
Comfortable Grip: This professional steak knife set comes with a full arc handle which is design in a suitable weight and an ergonomic shape to provides you a balanced hold and comfortable grip.
100% Satisfaction Customer Service: Your satisfaction is our top priority. Please enjoy your risk-free shopping in the XT XITUO store, we provide a lifetime guarantee. We also provide professional customer service both before and after your purchase by responding in 24 hours ASAP. Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions."

The Shun Dual Core 7-inch Santoku, an Asian-inspired general-purpose knife, is slightly shorter than a standard chef’s knife, providing additional agility and control
Exquisite herringbone blade consists of 71 micro layers of two, premium-quality stainless steels: VG10 and VG2. These high-carbon, high-chromium steels are roll-forged to produce a finer grain and increase strength. The laminated steel is hot-forged to create the herringbone pattern and allow the layers to alternate along the blade edge, retaining Shun’s high level of performance longer
PakkaWood handle is durable and moisture resistant with a beautiful ebony finish for a contemporary look sure to be a gorgeous addition to any kitchen cutlery set
Shun Dual Core Santoku comes with a traditional Japanese wooden saya, or sheath, a light wood finish beautifully contrasting with the dark ebony handle
Meal preparation for holidays, family gatherings and other events is made simple with the Shun Dual Core 7-in. Santoku"

JPN 3 LAYER High Quality Steel  KONOLL series uses jpn steel - 9CR18MOV. A great steel for the everyday use of any chef. With an HRC of 60+/-2, it will take an angled edge and hold it for long enough to help extend the life of your knife (w/ general maintenance). The clad dimple allow for easy food release while slicing or dicing. This blade is great for vegetables, fruits, fish, and meats. [Please refrain from cutting frozen products as this may detriment the knife's edge.]
Weight/Balance  The balance point runs heel to spine up the billet. Allowing the user a comfortable grip with precise cuts, and less wear and tear on the users hands. The weight is towards the blade of the knife making for efficient use during rock chopping motion.
DELUXE HANDLE  It is crafted from African EBONYwood, and is a great compliment to the beauty and comfort to the knife user. The stability of the handle allows the user full manipulation of the blade. This makes for effective use for precision, and endurance cuts. This handle makes mis en plas (food prep) FUN again
Multifunctional Sharp Knife This professional 7 inch Santoku knife is classified and designed to be a multipurpose kitchen knives for professional applications. This sharp knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks like chopping, slicing, dicing, mincing for vegetables, fruits, meat, and cheese.
LIFETIME WARRANTY  100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE,Lifetime warranty against defects or workmanship, Try it risk free.If you try it， You will love it and you can't extricate yourself!"

you can get discount on each additional item purchased after the first item .
Solid Built , Durable , Sharp and Hard Cutting Edge .
Handmade , Forged Damascus Steel (1095 / 15N20) .
Quality Finished , Perfect Grip , Balanced Knife , With Leather Sheath."

VG10 super steel
Authentic thin Japanese blade profile
Hand-honed using the three-step Honbazuke process to a 9.5 to 12 degree edge
CRYODUR blade, ice-hardened to Rockwell 60
65-layer flower Damascus design with katana edge
Traditional Japanese D-shaped black linen Micarta handle
Handcrafted in Seki, Japan"

Chinese kitchen knife,Forged manually, Made of manganese steel, the handle and the blade are integrated without soldering, which is firm and durable to eliminate broken handle,Satisfying Heft, Premier Meat Cleaver, an ideal Gift for any Home or Professional Kitchen Cook. Multipurpose Chinese Style Chef Knife. Perfect for Cutting, Chopping, Slicing, De Boning, Cleaving Meats, Light Bone, Vegetable, Coconut, Whole Chickens and More with Ruthless Efficiency bringing Excitement back to Cooking. Heav
No-slip Ergonomic Handle Ergonomically designed handle is Full Tang, which can prevent the blade of this chefs cleaver from falling easily, help you get good hold feeling and non-slip effect. The kitchen cleaver butcher knife is a great beauty, impeccable performance this strong design with a good strength, durability.
Receive the product, use it with water and dry it. The tool is made of manganese steel, Easy to rust，The quenching technology, passed down from generations to generations, makes the knife rigidity as high as HRC60±2, which is much higher than HRC52±2, the standard for knives made mechanically. In addition, the physical density and rigidity of such knives are greatly enhanced by the repeated hammering performed by experienced blacksmiths. And they have better hand feelings as well.
Due to the quenching skill made by experienced workers and unique forming technology with different heating methods, the equilibrium between the rigidity and tenacity of such knives is guarantee to make them more durable.
Forged knives have higher carbon content. Attention shall be paid to cleaning, acidic or alkaline substances cannot stay on the blade for a long period. Such knife shall be wiped dry after cleaning. Some cooking oil may be applied on it if it is not used for a long time. And it shall be placed at a dry place for storage."

Premium quality materials distilled into high-performing, no-frills bladed tools sure to get the job done right. Superior blade construction. Expertly handcrafted with ultra-sharp 7cr17mov high-carbon stainless steel. Increased carbon and chromium count for unparalleled edge retention at 57-59 HRC versus other similar Swiss competitors. Thoughtfully engineered for the chef, butcher and any other culinary professionals.
Go the distance. Knives that can take a beating and keep on performing. Boasting full tang for extra strength and durability, these knives give you the highest performance possible per dollar spent. Expertly hand-sharpened to a screamingly sharp edge at 14-15 degrees per side giving you a steeper blade edge that lasts longer over it’s competitors. Each stain and corrosion resistant blade is brought to a beautiful polish by hand before undergoing rigorous quality control tests.
Chef-Certified. The precisely engineered ABS/TPE polymer blend black ‘Crius' handle ensures a heat, cold and moisture resistant grip, and a satisfyingly secure hold - even in wet or greasy environments. Chef approved ergonomic handle design is engineered for superior hand control, agility and comfort. Perfectly balanced to minimize hand and write fatigue to endure any culinary challenge. Remain confident in your control in even the busiest of kitchens.
Built to maintain the highest of standards. The easy-clean ‘Crius’ handle is molded perfectly to the blade to prevent food or unwanted particles from entering any crevice, promising the ultimate sanitary food prep that is essential for professional kitchens. National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) certified.
Titan Forge Pro Series Promise: 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Ultimate customer service experience for the ultimate professional."

"Forged and hammered with 16 layers of steel in the Damascus tradition with a VG-10 Core, the VG-10 Hammered Damascus Series has been a perennial best seller, combining performance, beauty, and extraordinary value.
The most versatile and one of the most popular knives that a cook can have today is a Japanese all-purpose chefs knife known as a Santoku knife. Santoku is Japanese for three virtues referring to the shape of the blade which comprises aspects of the traditional vegetable knife , Usuba, and Gyuto in one knife making it a favorite among chefs and cooks everywhere.
Sometimes called a utility knife, the Petty is a smaller version of a chefs knife but is bigger than a Paring knife. The Petty fits in small places that require more dexterity than bigger chefs knives while handling bigger jobs than a Paring knife can take care of. The Petty will soon become the go-to knife in your kitchen.
Proudly made in Japan. This knife is complimented with a premium Western Style Handle that extends to the full tang of the knife and ergonomically welds to the hand for seamless use. The hammered texture of the blade eliminates friction and keeps food from sticking to the blade. Every knife from Yoshihiro is handcrafted by master artisans creating a unique one-of-a-kind work of art.
Traditional Japanese knife making values a sharp edge, which requires attention and care. Sharpening and honing should be done with only water whetstones. Hand wash and dry only, and do so immediately if working with acidic ingredients. Do not use on objects such as bones, nutshells, and frozen foods."

ENJOY A DELICIOUS CUT OF MEAT: Lightweight yet incredibly durable with sharp, high carbon, 5.5"" serrated, stainless steel blades, this set of steak knives allows for clean and precise cutting every single time. This contoured, ergonomic handle adds comfort for precise and effortless cutting to enjoy your juicy steak to the maximum.
ROBUST STAINLESS-STEEL QUALITY: The Laguiole 6-piece knife set is made of premium, 18/10 stainless steel with forged blades for outstanding strength and durability. Plus, this seamless, elegant, one-piece, French set of steak knives makes a fantastic gift for any eclectic foodie friends who know how to appreciate genuine, stainless steel cutlery. [Dimensions: Height: 5.5” blade & 4” handle | Depth: 0.5” | Weight: 3oz each.]
A BEAUTIFUL ADDITION TO ANY KITCHEN: Boasting a pure, modern, and sleek line, this Laguiole set of stainless-steel steak knives will instantly add character to any kitchen. Perfectly suitable for absolutely any table setting, these knives are ready to impress your guests with their elegance and simplicity, as well as their cutting precision. The best way to add an irresistible French charm to your dinner.
EASY MAINTENANCE FOR YEARS OF USE: Taking care of your knives is an important part of keeping them in top condition for years to come. To maximize their longevity, it’s important to only hand wash the knives and dry them immediately with soft cloth in order to prevent water spots. It is also advised to avoid using steel wool, steel scouring pads or harsh detergents.
LAGUIOLE EXCELLENCE SINCE 1829: Designed in the historic village of Laguiole in France, every single item of Laguiole cutlery or cookware is a true statement of excellence. With a long and proud history of cutlery making that originates back in 1829, Laguiole is your trusted source of outstanding cookware signed with professionalism and unparalleled customer service."

G2 micro-carbide powder steel
Authentic thin Japanese blade profile
Hand-honed using the three-step Honbazuke process to a 9.5 to 12 degree edge
CRYODUR blade, ice-hardened to Rockwell 63
101-layer flower Damascus design with katana edge"

PROFESSIONAL DESIGN - KOCHMASTER 8 inch Chef Knife meets all the chefs’ requirements for knives. The Pakkawood Handle ensures comfort, strength and stability. High Carbon German Steel and ultra sharp edge create great cutting experience. This knife will be a good helper for you to begin a new journey in the kitchen and be a master.
MULTIFUNCTION - Thanks to the professional design, excellent quality and razor sharp blade, KOCHMASTER Chef Knife satisfies your daily needs of chopping, slicing, mincing and dicing meat, fish, bread, vegetables, fruits, etc. It is perfectly an all-rounder in the kitchen.
RAZOR SHARPNESS - KOCHMASTER pays much attention to the sharpness. High Carbon German Steel blade undergo an expert heat treatment to further increase the hardness into 56+ HRC. The edge of the blade is accurately polished to 8-12°per side by hand in order to provide you a relaxed cutting effect and ensure the long-lasting sharpness.
WELL-EQUIPPED FACILITIES - Each KOCHMASTER Chef Knife will be equipped with a gift box, a durable sheath and the product instruction cards. We will tell you how to use it well and keep it well. This is not only a gift for you, but also could be a perfect gift for your family and friends.
TRUSTED SERVICE - KOCHMASTER provides customers 100% SATISFACTION OR 30-DAY MONEY BACK POLICY, free replacement and lifetime guarantee. We are always here to provide you with the most professional solutions. Note: The patterns on the blade are beautiful, but this is High Carbon German Steel, not the real damascus steel."

A true warrior never dies. The Valhalla Series are a collection of precision-forged, ultra-sharp, and wear-resistant knives with godlike performance that will withstand the test of time. Crafted of premium materials with a look and feel that can only be described as divine, you’ll reach for these sublimely designed knives time and time again.
The 6"" Boning Knife is an integral blade for any chef with a penchant for preparing meat. Glide effortlessly through sinew, fat, and muscle, separating flesh and bone with the finely tapered tip and razor-sharp edge, perfect for reaching difficult angles.
Forged from a single-piece, high carbon steel at 60+ Rockwell hardness and hand-sharpened to a savage 8-12 degrees per side, the full-tang blade will channel all your might with every slice.
The celestial resin handle — reinforced with stabilized wood and a stainless steel bolster — feels sturdy and turns heads with its rugged and gorgeous design.
Dalstrong Trust: Rocksolid 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Renowned Dalstrong customer service. See why chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Dalstrong Difference'. Dalstrong luxury packaging. Now you are slicing with POWER. Dalstrong POWER!"

ALL-IN-ONE COMPLETE SET - Professional Damascus Knives set includes 8”Chef Knife, 8”Slicing Knife, 8”Bread Knife, 7” Santoku Knife, 5.5”Utility Knife, 3.5”Paring Knife, Kitchen Shears, Knife Sharpener to stay sharp and Natural Wood Block.
QUALITY DESIGN - Knives are crafted with VG10 steel core 67 layers superior damascus steel blades for precision and accuracy. HRC 60±2 hardness for exceptional sharpness, edge retention. Curved design handle provides comfort and support.
DURABLE & EASY TO CLEAN - The integrated design of the blade and the shank is not easy to break, safe and durable. It ensures long lasting performance and easy to clean. You can save a lot of time on cleaning.
EASY TO CARE & STORAGE - Wooden Block part is made of durable natural oak, and the hollow knife seat is easier to insert and remove, safe and sanitary. Use more assured!
LIFETIME WARRANTY - Every knife set is backed by superior quality and under strict quality inspection. Our aim is 100% satisfied customers. Return it anytime and get a full refund when you are not happy with our knife set."


3.4oz(100ml) Pure Tsubaki knife Oil (Camellia Oil)
Large Sabitori Rust Eraser: 6.5cm x 2cm x 2cm
Includes Tsubaki Oil 3.4 oz, Large Rust Eraser, Microfiber Cloth
Completely safe food grade purity"

KNIFE CHARACTERISTICS - The professional bread knife with serrated edge and pakka wood handle has a knife length of 13 inch and a pure knife blade length of 8 inch.
RAZOR SHARP - The VG10 core achieves a blade hardness of 60±2 HRC. The professional kitchen knife made of 67 layers of steel is and remains extra sharp.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE - This bread knife is well balanced and the serrated edge makes it ideal for bread, baguettes, roasts and fruits. With ergonomically shaped handle made of pakka wood for fatigue-free work in the kitchen.
PERFECT AS A GIFT - The bread knife is the perfect gift idea. The Damascus professional knife is a special gift for men, women and knife lovers and should not be missing in any kitchen!
WITH PRECIOUS GIFT BOX - Due to the beautiful packaging, the knife can be given away directly and is a great joy for every ambitious cook!"

Cutco’s best-selling knife.
This knife does it all at mealtime, whether it’s a special occasion or an everyday meal.
Cut everything on your plate and slice through even the thickest chops with ease.
Stays sharp for years.
Blade length 3-3/8"". Overall length 8-3/8""."

High QualityThe thick and sturdy blade of the knife is made of carbon steel, and uses a V-shaped and fine processing blade, which can maintain the sharpness of the kitchen knife for a long time with incredible robustness and quality.
Particular DesignThis chef cleaver knife is well designed with beautiful and practical liner, the superbly balanced and the weight simply makes the cutting more pleasure and powerful. Hand forged kitchen knives cuts easily through large pieces of food and is perfect for bone meat vegetable cutting, slicing and cleaving.
Ergonomic Handle Full Tang handle design of the chef knife makes it easy to grip and hassle-free maneuvering, and can prevent the meat cleaver breaking down or dropping. Premium Wenge Wood Handle enhances the handholds touch to make the knife easy to hold, so you will not feel tired for using a long time.The cleaver is a great beauty, impeccable performance this strong design with a good strength, durability.
Multifunction Chef KnifeStainless steel kitchen knife is a multifunction cutlery knife, which is designed for professional applications, suitable for cutting, dicing, slicing, shredding with vegetables, fruit, meat and bone, adding satisfaction and enjoyment of kitchen experience.
Practical Perfect Gift The Hand forged chef knife with mini Whetstone and elegant box, A high-quality sharp knife is the most important kitchen tool for cooking. it’s an excellent gift with beautiful packing for Birthdays, Weddings, Christmas, Father's Day, Mother's Day, and more."

MASTER CRAFTSMANSHIP - Handcrafted in Sakai Japan, where more than 90% of Japanese professional chef knives are produced. It is produced one at a time manually by highly skilled master artisans. It outperforms industrially mass produced products from every aspect. The master craftsmanship shines through in every single product. The unparalleled performances make you feel standing at the pinnacle of cooking! Sheath is sold separately.
RAZOR SHARPNESS - Ready to use out of the box with ruthless sharpness. The core is Takefu VG-10 high carbon stainless steel (HRC 60-62) produced in Fukui Japan. Combined with 16 layer clad Damascus construction, it gives exceptional sharpness, edge retentn, durability, and ease of sharpening at the same time. You can easily feel your upgraded technique level just by using a Syosaku Gyutou (Chef’s) Knife. Hand wash only and regularly sharpen on quality whetstones.?
VERSATILITY - Ideal for everyday chef handling daily kitchen tasks, whether professional or nonprofessional. You can cut, dice, slice, mince and chop with one knife. You can cut meats, fish, vegetables, fruits, and more. You can use it as a sushi knife, too. It’s double-edged, so doesn’t matter if you are right handed or left handed. To avoid a chip in a blade, don’t chop hard stuff like bones, nutshells, and frozen foods. Do not use on granite countertops.
DURABILITY AND EASE OF USE - Both the VG-10 core and outer damascus steel are stain & corrosion resistant. The premium Mahogany wood used for the handle is water-repellent and non-slip. You don’t have to worry when it is left wet during its use (recommend to wash and dry after the use). The handle is triple riveted to the full tang, which gives exceptional strength & durability. The ergonomically designed handle and perfectly balanced construction make you comfortable even for a long time use.
AESTHETICS AND 100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEE - An exquisite outer steel not only eliminates friction and keeps food from sticking to the blade, but also the beauty makes your cooking more enjoyable. An elegant Mahogany handle adds more visual accents. It brgs refinement and style to any modern kitchen. Impress your guests with the stunning beauty. It’s a perfect gift for your loved one, too. If you don't love our Syosaku Chef Knife, please return within 30 days of purchase for a full refund."

MADE WITH TOP GRADE JAPANESE 67-layer Damascus Steel, VG-10 cutting core, HRC 60-62 hardness for exceptional sharpness, edge retention, and durability while being easy to sharpen
Blade size (length x width x thickness): 8 inches x 1.1 inches x 2.5 millimeters; net weight 0.4 pound
Full tang design with sealed-tight, waterproof, and durable brown color Pakkawood handle for a non-slip and comfortable grip
Long-lasting, sharp edge for slicing, dicing, and mincing meat, fruit, and vegetables (DO NOT chop bones)
Crafted in ISO 9001 certified Taiwan factory with steel imported from Japan; limited lifetime warranty against defects"

Handmade Damascus Steel chef Knife
4mm Thick blade - Perfect for Chopping . Knife weight almost 400 Grams
Handle Length = 5:50 Inches, Blade Length = 7.00 inches
Any Problem or Query about item - We are here to help"

Multi-functional KnifeMultipurpose Chef Knife designed for chopping, mincing, slicing, and dicing, it comes with a HRC (Rockwell Hardness Scale) of 62+ and a sharp edge which ensures maximum cutting performance and durability, it will effectively chop off whatever you desire in your kitchen with its powerful blade with the minimum effort. This Damascus chef's knife can be used to cut meat but also to cut vegetables, ribs, etc.
Japanese Damascus VG-10 Sharp High Carbon SteelUltra sharp VG-10 Japanese super steel cutting core at 62+ Rockwell hardness for extraordinary performance and incredible edge retention is painstakingly sandwiched between 67 layers of premium high-carbon stainless steel, ensuring exceptional strength, durability and stain resistance. Perfectly balanced, the precisely tapered blade minimizes surface resistance for buttery smooth cut through and enhanced non-stick properties.
Premium Comfortable Ergonomic HandleThe handle material is made from high quality material handle, it is near impervious to heat, cold and moisture. Ergonomic Handle will bring you a superior hand control, agility and comfort. Never fatigue because of prolonged use caused to the palm or wrist. It is a perfect chef knife for people who frequently use for cooking or who like the kitchen.
Exquisite Gift Box This Kitchen Knife with a exquisite Gift Box and Black sheath to protect the knife blade, beautiful and more safety. The cooking knife is very suitable as a gift to parents and friends on kinds of festivals, such as Mother's Day, Father's Day、Thanksgiving Day、Black Friday、Christmas day、New Year、Easter Day、Halloween、birthday, etc.
Life Time ServiceStriving for 100% satisfaction with every customers is our eternal pursuit. LIFETIME SERVICE against defects. Try it free risk. Due to the Chef knife has higher carbon content, please pay attention to clean the knife, and acidic or alkaline substances cannot stay on the blade for a long period. Such knife shall be wiped dry after cleaning. Some cooking oil may be applied on it if it is not used for a long time. And it shall be placed at a dry place for storage."

[Perfectly sliced and exquisite product] Peak performance has never looked so good at this price.exceptional craftsmanship,Top technology, stunning design elements, and premium materials. the properties are so outstanding, after careful design, HRC can reach 57+ , From cured ham to beef, barbecue, salmon, turkey and other ingredients, to holidays, family and friends have a barbecue, picnic. HEZHEN can always help you accomplish what you want.
[German 1.4116 high-carbon stainless steel blade] German craftsmanship is well-known in the world. The HEZHEN basic series adopts German 1.4116 steel. The high-carbon 4116 steel is completely strong and has outstanding hardness. It can maintain its function for a long time. It is the star of kitchen steel.
[Super sharp edge] In the market, HEZHEN is always proud of the sharpness and quality of the knife. The traditional manual wet edge with 15° on each side is specially designed for thinly sliced meat. The blade is narrower in width and height to ensure maneuverability and minimum surface length when the blade passes through the meat. Gradually become thinner to increase hardness, flexibility and minimum chip resistance.
[Ergonomic handle] HEZHEN steak knife 4PC set has a satisfactory weight,high-qualitycolor wood material and high-quality feel,perfect bending, the wood handle is fixed by the end steel piece to maintain sufficient strength to provide super The firmness required for thin sectioning ensures comfort and maneuverability.Through laminated and polishing,a hygienic structure can be formed,which provides perfect grip for the chef when holding a kitchen knife,which is very suitable for the kitchen.
[100% Quality Assurance] Direct purchase of HEZHEN knife has a lifetime warranty to avoid manufacturing defects. We believe that these knives can be used by beginners, cooking students or home chefs. HEZHEN brand knives are always recommended by famous chefs."

Recommended to purchase Custom-Fit Saya Knife Cover and Knife together
Blade Material: Aogami Super Blue High Carbon Steel / Knife Type: Petty ( Utility knife)
Super Blue High Carbon Steel core (HRC 64-65) is known for its exceptional sharpness, high edge retention, and ease of sharpening.
Blade: Double-Edged / Blade Length: 6 Inch (150mm)
High Carbon Steel Knives require maintenance in order to prevent oxidizing."

Chop your way through large pieces of meat and whole poultry with ease using the Messermeister Four Seasons 7” Stamped Cleaver. This is manufactured from one solid piece of steel alloy and given a razor sharp edge and meant to cut through bone. The ergonomic grip of the handle allows you to break down proteins with certainty. Use the side of the 3 ¼” blade to smash garlic or lemongrass or scoop and transfer to a prep bowl.
The Messermeister Four Seasons knife collection stands up to the daily challenges and high volume of commercial kitchens. They are die-cut from a single billet of fine German stainless stamping steel alloy and outfitted with colorful, over-sized, molded hygienic handles. These knives are constructed to resist oxidation to repeated exposure to moisture, easily sharpen on a honing steel and offer an extensive selection of blades for specific food service tasks. Assembled in Santa Catarina, Portugal by competent craftsmen.
The German 1.4116 stainless carbon alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to resharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece stamped, which produces a strong blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 56-57.
The over-sized, hygienic, molded, seamless polypropylene handles provide comfort for the extreme demands of a commercial kitchen.
Handcrafted in Santa Catarina, Portugal.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."


Handmade Carbon Steel Serbian Cleaver Chopper Chef Kitchen Knife , useful for chopping cutting
Hardness 55-57 HRC . Durable full tang hard and sharp cutting edge ,
Perfect Grip and Balance
Comes with high quality leather sheath"

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece, hot-drop hammer forged, which produces the strongest blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 57-58.
The three-step, 15 degree “Elite” edge is hand stropped on a cloth wheel, creating the sharpest possible cutting surface on an edged tool.
The bolsterless heel simplifies all cutting, sharpening & honing tasks, making use of the entire blade from heel to tip.
Handcrafted in the historic cutlery capital of Solingen, Germany.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

 KUMA KNIFE BLADES; MAKE YOUR COOKING LIFE EASIER: Many chefs knives appear strong & durable at glance, but inferior blades eventually bend and break under pressure. Enter KUMA: 67 layers of premium VG10 Damascus Steel enable extraordinary strength and longevity in our 8 inch chef knife. An ultra strong and sturdy kitchen knife with chip-resistant steel for solid, lasting resilience. Painstakingly crafted with premium VG10 steel in historical YangJiang, China by our expert bladesmiths.
 STAY CLEAR OF LOW-GRADE CHEF’S KNIVES: A series of 8 engineering processes and personal, individual hand-finishes with our V-Shape sharpening technology allows for our corrosion resistant VG10 chef knife with lasting sharpness right out of the box. Enjoy an easy cut through vegetables, meat and even your favorite tender, juicy roast like it was butter!
 NO MORE KITCHEN KNIVES WITH UNCOMFORTABLE, CHEAP HANDLES: Enjoy a premium coffee pakka wood handle that is ever so slightly curved to fit your hand grip just perfectly. Ergonomically designed, ultra comfortable, lightweight, and high quality. With an exquisite design and minimal bolster for smooth and thorough cutting using both regular or pinch grip, this chef's knife has a hand-polished soft spine for a balanced, comfortable grip even while applying firm pressure.
 LOVELY GIFT FOR THE COOKING ENTHUSIAST AND HOME CHEF: KUMA's beautifully handcrafted, professional-grade VG10 Damascus chef knife comes in a sleek, custom box and includes a high quality sheath / knife guard for convenient kitchen storage. This steel knife is the ultimate cooking tool for both the pro chef and home cook. The box is designed to be ideal for easily wrapping as a gift.
 DURABLE KITCHEN TOOLS YOU CAN DEPEND ON: KUMA is dedicated to bringing professional cutlery into your home kitchen. We understand that quality kitchen tools are a long-term investment. We stand proudly behind every product we sell. (KUMA recommends to wash all knives by hand with a soapy cloth and dry immediately after. Dishwashers may harm steel cutlery over time)."

MEAT, MEET THE ANNIHILATOR!  -  The be-all, end-all, of all cleavers. Sleek and stylish, and devastating to anything that stands in its way. So formidable, we had to build it its own house, like a monument. Beveled around its edges with hollow cutouts, it’s designed to easily hack through meat and bone and… pretty much everything else. It’s the new definition of “Heavy-Duty” and was crafted to outlive us all. It’s a butcher’s best-beloved blade, honed for hacking, & crafted for cleaving.
DYNASTY SERIES ANNIHILATOR - Awe-inspiring. Designed for one-chop hacking. Astonishingly formidable with unparalleled craftsmanship & lovingly created by our artisans to reflect centuries of traditional design alongside cutting-edge nitrogen-cooled precision-forging techniques. Its shockingly sharp edge gracefully blends to its perfectly balanced ergonomic grip for optimal comfort & safety. This menacingly gorgeous cleaver & its superb wood stand definitely draw the eye.
A BRUTALLY EFFICIENT BLADE  -  Ferociously sharp & made from our own specially formulated ThyssenKrupp German 1.4116 Stainless Steel for greatly enhanced corrosion & rust resistance, this Precision Forged, Nitrogen Cooled blade is handcrafted & hand-sharpened by our virtuoso technicians in the traditional 3-stage Honbazuke method to 16° per side for clean, precise, cuts, amazing edge-retention, and has a Rockwell Hardness of 58 for maximum strength, flexibility, & blade edge durability.
G10 HANDLE —  When you first grip the handle of this powerful cleaver it will feel as if it were made for you specifically. Its Military-Grade G10 Fiber-Resin Handle is impact resistant, & nearly impervious to heat, cold, & moisture, and its seamless build ensures no debris can infiltrate its body, keeping it hygienic. Our ergonomic design has ample knuckle clearance for superior control and agility, with Triple Rivet Construction & Full Tang Strength for a lifetime of safe & precise use.
CONSTRUCTED TO LAST FOREVER  —  This cleaver will be your culinary companion for life & comes with Kessaku’s 100% LIFETIME WARRANTY. Because we work tirelessly to ensure you’re delivered a true quality culinary masterpiece, all of our knives come with our Kessaku Lifetime Warranty. Our very highest priority is that you are completely thrilled with our products and truly in love with our brand. Contact us with any issue or concern and we will immediately do our absolute best to make it right."

MODERN STYLING MEETS PRECISION SLICING: Your steak knives set combines form and function. The ultra-sharp blades glide through even the toughest cut of meat while lending a sense of glam to your table.
SERRATED BLADES DO ALL THE HARD WORK: The knives in your premium steak knife set have serrated steel blades. This signature feature of high-performance kitchen knives is designed for effortless cutting.
SEAMLESS HANDLES FOR COMFORT & SAFETY: The rivetless handles of your steak knives set of 4 are injection heat-molded to enhance performance while protecting you from dangerous bacteria that hide in gaps and seams.
SUPERIOR GERMAN STAINLESS STEEL: The serrated steak knives in your cutlery set are crafted from strong, rust- and tarnish-resistant German stainless steel honed to stay sharper longer.
60-DAY MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE: We're so confident you'll love our stainless steel steak knives set that we back it with a no-hassle 100% money-back guarantee. Buy without risk."

BLADE MATERIAL - Our utility knife made with 67 layers damascus steel, VG-10 cutting core, HRC 60-62 hardness for exceptional sharpness, edge retention. Elegant hammered blade with stylish and functional design, can eliminate friction and keep food from sticking to the blade.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE - Ergonomic handle shape of utility knife is engineered for superior control, agility and comfort, hand polished, achieving highly impervious to heat, cold, moisture.
SUPERIOR SHARPNESS - Seek design creates unmatched control and minimal slicing resistance. No tearing or squishing, only ruthless efficiency. Features HRC( Rockwell Hardness Scale) of 60-62 and a sharp edge which ensures maximum cutting performance and durability.
MULTI-FUNCTIONAL - The professional 5.5 inch utility knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks of chopping, slicing, mincing and dicing of fruit, vegetables and meat, be a multipurpose knife for professional applications. (DO NOT chop thick and hard bones like lamb or beef).
LIFETIME WARRANTY - Lifetime warranty against manufacturing defects. 100% satisfaction or full money back. Our team will help you deal with your problem or get rid of the confusion with 24 hours. This is exactly the kitchen companion you need, buy with confidence."

Authentic, thin, Japanese blade comprised of ultra-premium MC66 micro-carbide steel
Blade consists of 133 layers of steel, resulting in a gorgeous floral Damascus pattern
CRYODUR blade, ice-hardened to Rockwell 66
Sharpened using a traditional, three-step Honbazuke method
Ergonomic D-shaped handle made from stunning Blackleaf maple"

Forged and hammered with 46 layers of steel in the Damascus tradition with a VG-10 Core, the VG-10 Hammered Damascus Series has been a perennial best seller, combining performance, beauty, and extraordinary value.
The most versatile and essential of all knives a cook can have is a Japanese chefs knife known as a Gyuto knife. The Gyuto is a Japanese chefs knife with a curved blade that smoothly rocks back and forth and has an extended tip for quick chopping that can be used to cut meat, fish, and vegetables.
Sometimes called a utility knife, the Petty is a smaller version of a chefs knife but is bigger than a Paring knife. The Petty fits in small places that require more dexterity than bigger chefs knives while handling bigger jobs than a Paring knife can take care of. The Petty will soon become the go to knife in your kitchen.
These knives are complimented with a traditional Japanese Wa-style handcrafted Octagonal Handle that is lightweight and ergonomically welds to the hand for seamless use. A protective wooden sheath called a Saya is included, which protects the knife and adds to its appearance when not in use. The hammered texture of the blade eliminates friction and keeps food from sticking to the blade.
Traditional Japanese knife making values a sharp edge, which requires attention and care. Sharpening and honing should be done with only water whetstones. Hand wash and dry only, and do so immediately if working with acidic ingredients. Do not use on objects such as bones, nutshells, and frozen foods."

Gyuto Chefs Knife are perfect for dicing, slicing, and chopping fresh produce from a farmers market to carving a roast chicken straight from the oven.
Forged from a single piece of Japanese Inox Aus-10 High Carbon Stain-Resistant steel (HRC 61)
Best in class in edge retention, toughness, and ease of sharpening. Can be resharpened to reacquire its original sharpness for years on end.
Stainless steel bolster, full tang, and a high grade composite wood makes for a strong and durable knife that is beautiful, balanced, and comfortable.
Handwash with mild cleanser; NSF Approved; Handmade by skilled tradesmen in Japan."

A beautiful Masur Birchwood handle leads into 101 layers of steel, precision ground to expose an exquisite flower Damask pattern and a cutting core of ultra-hard Micro-Carbide MC63 powdered steel.
Size: 9.5"" / 240 mm, 63° Rockwell Hardness, Edge Angle: 9.5-12° per side
Micro-Carbide MC63 powdered steel core, CRYODUR vacuum tempered blades, three-step Honbazuke honing process
100 layers of stainless steel (50 layers per side) wrap the blade core and are polished to reveal a one-of-a-kind flower Damascus pattern
Traditional Japanese D-shape Birchwood handle enhanced with a mosaic pin and a metal end cap featuring the MIYABI logo, made in Seki, Japan"


Claevcr hand forged chef's knife is made of 7cr17mov stainless steel. Workers use traditional technology to hammer out lines by hand. It is corrosion-resistant and can prevent food adhesion. The 16 degree polished edge on each side makes the blade sharper and helps you cut smoothly. This knife can't be cleaned in the dishwasher. After each use, you need to wash by hand and keep clean and dry
The handle is made of high-grade color wood, which is grinded out by workers to meet the ergonomic curve, making you feel comfortable and easy to cut
Claevcr is a multifunctional chef's knife, which is suitable for cutting meat, fish, vegetables, fruits or any other food you like, except bones. Whether you are indoors or outdoors, it is absolutely your practical assistant
Exquisite carved brass dragon decoration, coupled with high-grade gift box, is worth collecting, it will also be your first choice for gifts
We strictly control the quality to ensure that every chef knife can be delivered to you with the best quality. In order to ensure the quality, we have taken two years of quality assurance for our products. If you have any problems, please contact us at any time and we will replace them for you free of charge"

Powerful chopping blade The cleaver knife adopts high quality stainless steel, not easy to rust. It’s easy to get the job done with the super sharp and powerful blade. The hole in the blade can let your index finger pass through and hold it tight, thus it’s more effort saving
Full tang wood handle The full tang pakka wood handle is firmly bolstered with 3 rivets, allowing you to use it for years to come. Ergonomically design provides a comfortable grip and agile control. There are holes at the end of the handle and on the blade for easy hanging on the shelf
Non-stick blade Hammer style pattern blade surface can reduce the contact between the blade and food. Adopting stonewash process, the blade surface is tough, wear-resistant, and does not reflect light
Multipurpose knife The knife is an all-rounder that is ideal for professional applications which include chopping, slicing, dicing, filleting, cubing, peeling, mincing vegetables, meat, cartilage, fish, fruit, etc. Suitable for both right and left hands
Ideal gift idea Come with a mini whetstone, which will help you resharpen the blade and restore the sharpness after using the knife for a long time. Well packed in a gift box, it’s a great gift for kitchen enthusiasts to enjoy food preparations"


Set contains Two (2) All Purpose 8-inch Knives
Knives can be used as a Cleaver, a Mezzaluna, a Santoku and as Chef knives
Both blades are made from Japanese stainless steel and are full-tang forged construction
Unique and Patented Blade Creates an Air Channel that helps push the food away from the blade
CasaWare Groovetech knives are easy to use and easy to clean"

Best Chef KnifeThis 8 Inch chef knife is specially designed with ergonomical handles and well weight. Suitable for cutting, dicing and chopping. This chef knife can be used to cut meat, vegetables, fruite and bread.The ergonomically designed handle can be comfortably held with large or small hands and minimizes the tension on the wrist. This chef knife makes cooking more fun.
Well DesignsOur chef knife features 66 layers of high carbon metal and a Rockwell hardness of 60 ± 2, making this chopper an exceptionally durable and flexible tool that outperforms all competitors. Our full-angle chef knive is nitrogen cooled for high hardness, corrosion resistance, rust resistance and do not easily lose their integrity.
Geometrically Sharp Blade The blade is mirror polished to showcase the most advanced technology on the blade. We have improved the mirror-polished auxiliary edge of the chef's knife to maximize the efficiency of the slicing by minimizing drag and food sticking. This makes sliced meat, chicken, steak and sushi/sashimi as easy as cutting fruit.
Ergonomical HandleG10 handles and high carbon stainless steel - watch out for cheap knives that look similar, but the differences will show up in a few weeks. Our military grade G10 handles and high carbon stainless steel are handcrafted by the world's most experienced tooling experts. This full-handle double-cone cutter is finished using the traditional three-step method and is considered the gold standard in our industry.
Perfect Gift & Guarantees: The chef knife is packaged in a high-quality black gift box, which is more suitable as a gift to families or friends. 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE - lifetime warranty to avoid manufacturing defects. We believe that beginners, cooking students, family chefs, and even experienced senior chefs will be fully satisfied with the extraordinary craftsmanship of our tools. Ruidla chef knives are durable."

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece stamped, which produces a strong blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 56-57.
The over-sized, hygienic, molded, seamless polypropylene handles provide comfort for the extreme demands of a commercial kitchen.
Handcrafted in Santa Catarina, Portugal."

The Omega Series Knives are a precision made instrument. Ideal for briskets, roasts, ham, turkey, sides of salmon, and expertly suited for prepping large fruits and vegetables, slicing bread loaves and layer cakes, the screamingly sharp blade ensures ultra-thin, uniform slices in a single stroke. These Knives are a required addition for every pitmaster, chef, baker, home cook, & more.
The “LiquidMetal” pattern on the blade reduces drag and increases efficiency, allowing you to glide through prep. Featuring ultra-premium American forged BD1N-VX hyper steel, the addition of Nitrogen increases hardness, flexibility, and toughness, while the blade's composition and added vacuum heat-treatment to 63HRC provide astonishing performance, with a screamingly sharp edge. Painstakingly finished to 8-12° per side by expert blade smiths using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method.
The G10 woven fibreglass handle is near impervious to heat, cold and moisture and is presented in a midnight black with subtle dark red colorings. Centered in the full-tang handle is an ornate and over-sized copper and brass mosaic, creating a distinct and striking appearance. The painstakingly detailed craftsmanship continues with the Dalstrong lionhead insignia carefully engraved on both the mirror-polished end-cap and blade itself.
A black PU leather sheath with button clip and distinctive red-stitching is also included to ensure the blades stylish protection and your own safety. Featuring all the precision, premium materials and workmanship you would expect from Dalstrong, only dialled up.
See why thousands of professional chefs and home cooks love and trust the DALSTRONG DIFFERENCE. 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it!"

Superior High Quality Carbon, 7CR17 Stainless Steel Blade for Long Lasting Sharp Edge
Razor Sharp Ground Edge for Precision Cutting
Heavy Duty Full Tang Blade for Strength and Durability
Premium Walnut Wood Handle Provides Grip, Balance and Control
Triple Brass Rivets for Added Strength"

Kitchen Knives Set Sizes From top to bottom (1). Smart Cleaver Full Length 12-inches, Blade 7-Inches, Handle 5-Inches, (2). Full Length 11.5-inches, Blade 6.5-Inches, Handle 5-Inches, (3). Full Length 10.5-inches, Blade 5.5-Inches, Handle 5-Inches, (4). Full Length 10-inches, Blade 5-Inches, Handle 5-Inches.
Handle: Excellent Combination of Cognac and Blue Colored Wood With Beautiful Mosaic Pin, Product include Custom Made Real Cow Hide Kit Roll.
A BEAUTIFULLY HAND FORGED PIECE OF ART: The High Grade Damascus Steel Used For This Blade Consists Of Layers Of Low Carbon & High Carbon Mixture Welded, Forged & Hammered Several Times To Obtain Up To 416 Layers. The Hardness Of This Blade Is Up To 55 HRC On The Rockwell Scale, ensuring top functionality and longevity.
AN EXCELLENT GIFTING IDEA: Offer this unique hand made Damascus Kitchen Knives Set to a special friend, family member or co-worker and have them thankful for your excellent taste! Make this amazing gift to any seasoned or amateur handmade knife collector and enjoy their smile upon unwrapping this fascinating gift!
Also Available Damascus Steel Hunting Knives, Butcher Knives, Skinning Knives, Bowie Knives, Tracker Knives, Axes and Swords. !!!HAPPY BIDDING!!!"

HIGHEST QUALITY: Extra sharp damascus knife / professional knife with blade of Japanese damascus steel, blade hardness: 60±2HRC
PERFECT SIZE: 11-inch length, blade 8-inch –Damascus steel Vg-10 sharp professional kitchen knife perfect for professional cooking and hobby cooking.
PERFECT GIFT: For yourself or friends who love to cook and with heart and passion conjure a special dish. It is perfect for slicing, dicing, chopping, and mincing of fruits, vegetables, bonesless meats, and fish.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE: Perfectly balanced and with ergonomically shaped handle is designed for comfort and control. Made of Mikata (wood composite, very robust) for fatigue-free working.
WITH GIFT PACKAGING for safe storage of the chef's knife, secure storage and perfectly rounded look from the Wakoli Migan series"

MASAMOTO GYUTO 8"" CHEF'S KNIFE SAYA - A traditional wooden saya knife cover / sheath (ONLY for Gyuto Knives). Saya size is 8.2 inches available in GYUTO 210mm.
JAPANESE TRADITIONAL WOOD SHEATH - Special sheath for keeping kitchen knives in a sanitary condition. Because it uses only natural high-quality magnolia, it feels good and the kitchen knife can be stored in good condition as well. The official MASAMOTO logo is engraved. All knives of the MASAMOTO brand with a history of more than 150 years as leading kitchen knife manufacturers are handmade by professional Japanese craftsmen.
PRODUCT INFORMATION - Made in Japan / Blade length: 8.2 inches (210 mm) / Material: Japanese Natural Magnolia Wood / Adaptable Knife: MASAMOTO Gyuto (AT 210 mm / VG210 mm / ZA Damascus 210 mm) *Not for Wa-Gyuto KS & SW Series"

8-inch blade, perfect for chopping vegetables and herbs
Patented friodur stainless-steel corrosion-resistant blade
Polypropylene ergonomic handle for hygiene, balance, and safety
Safe to use in dishwasher
Lifetime guarantee"

New UpgradedGerman Stainless SteelThis cleaver knife is made of high quality German 1.4116 Stainless Steel, which performs excellent in durability and corrosion resistance, it will not rust, wear or scratch after a long periods use. The blade of this cleaver is extremely solid, will not get cracked or bent, And it would never have chips. This knife is lightweight, with good balance and light design, it can cut through everything with no effort.
Razor SharpThis Chinese chef knife is extremely sharp, It’s truly sharpened by workers with more than 30 years of work experience, so the blade is extremely sharp and solid, it has an amazing sharp edge right out of the box. Furthermore, Don't worry about the blade would lose its edge quickly, this blade is super sharp and holds the edge very well. Even if the blade dulls after a long period of use, you can sharpen it easily.
Multipurpose Asian KnivesThis cleaver is suitable for dicing, slicing, mincing, or cutting. You can use it to cut meat, fish, vegetable and fruits. But please attention this cleaver is not fit for bones or frozen foods. It is the first choice of both home kitchen and professionals chefs, and it is a perfect gift for somebody that enjoys cooking. The craftsmanship of this vegetable cleaver is definitely well, so this cleaver knife is stunning beautiful.
Ergonomic Pearwood HandleThe handle of this cleaver knife is made of superior pearwood, resistant to wear and scratch. With Ergonomic design, It’s comfortable to hold and Non-slip. The handle is streamlined to save effort and improve efficiency. Regardless of what size of your hands, You can grip it easily.
Sell Service Guarantee Lifetime warranty is supported for this BLADESMITH vegetable cleaver! Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions. We will solve your problem as soon as possible within 24h."

ULTRA SHARP: 8-inch blade is comprised of 67 layers of Damascus stainless steel giving it an incredibly sharp 12-degree angle; rating 60-62 on the hardness scale.
ERGONOMIC: Ergonomically designed Stabilized WOOD Handle to prevent slip and create comfortable holding. The right balanced weight between the handle and the thin blade, ensuring ease of movement.
PROFESSIONAL: The razor-sharp forged edge is easy for cutting and hold its sharpness for a long lifetime. Stunning water ripple surface makes your cooking moment to be the most enjoyable time in life.
MULTI-FUNCTIONAL KNIFE – This Damascus chef knife can handle your daily kitchen tasks easily, you can easily chop, slice, meat, fish, bread, vegetables, fruits, etc. It is perfectly an all-rounder for kitchen or restaurant and bringing excitement back to Cooking.
GIFTING: Setting in a premium packaging box making it Perfect for Gifting which is an ideal gift for any home or professional kitchen cook."

Multi-Functional Chef Knife: (Authorized by Brand Dnifo) This 8 inch Damascus knife is very sharp, can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks of chopping, slicing and dicing delicate fruits, thick-skinned vegetables and several meat varieties including chicken, raw fish or sushi rolls and beef. You can use it to cut potatoes, meats like cutting a banana.
Unique Sharp Blade: Full tang professional chef's knife is expertly crafted from 67-layer Damascus high-carbon stainless steel with ultra-sharp VG-10 cutting core. The rockwell hardness 60 ±2 HRC & cutting edge angle 14°-16°. Your eyes will light up for the blade’s stunning Shell pattern, and hand polished to a satin finish, shining with silver light.
Exquisite Ergonomically Handle: This cooking knife is made of a gorgeous combination of blonde wood and ocean blue resin. Awesome style and quality. The handle is comfortable for a solid grip. Even if use this Damascus knife for a long time, you won't feel tired and uncomfortable no matter your hand size, right & left handed. It's well built, well balanced and the tapered Bolster offers extreme comfort and perfect balance!
Premium Gift Box: This knife is high quality, looks gorgeous and feels great in the hand. Beautiful magnetic gift box to make the knife well-storage, it is a perfect ideal gift item for family or friends, birthday or weddings, holiday, Christmas day or housewarming.
Life Time Service: 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risks free. Your complete satisfaction is our primary objective. Any questions or demands, please feel free to contact us. We are always here to provide you with the most satisfactory solution."


Fully hot-drop forged construction, top quality German stainless steel
Superior taper ground cutting edge, 20-degree angle
Perfectly weighted and balanced
Ergonomic trilobal handle design
Dishwasher safe - but not recommended"

PROFESSIONAL CHEF'S KNIFE: This chef’s knife is suitable for cutting bread, vegetables, fillets or meats. This sharp knife is also suitable for home and professional use. Cutting like a master chef will bring you more joy in the kitchen!
MULTI-FUNCTIONAL KNIFE: This professional 8'' chef’s knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks of chopping, slicing, mincing and dicing fruits, vegetables and several meat varieties including fish, kitchen and beef. It truly is the all-around cooking knife!
ULTRA-SHARP EDGE: Sharpness is the most important feature for a cutting knife and we reached the great results in providing the best sharpness of our knives on the market. The thickness of this kitchen knife is 2.5 mm, which is ideal to do the job, and do the job well. Hand polished by craftsman with decades of experience to ensure long-lasting sharpness.
PERFACTLY BALANCED PERFORMANCE :The eight inch main chef knife can be used with both left and right hands. It has a better cutting balance angle, and the curve design from the handle to the tip is labor-saving cutting - ""lever"", which can achieve good up and down ""rocker"" and front and rear cutting action, without causing physical fatigue, let us cut faster, More efficient.
THE PERFECT GIFT: The Kitchen Knife is the perfect gift for wife, husband, parents, grandparents or friends. Note: it is truly 200-layer super damascus steel (HOW TO CARE DAMASCUS CHEF KNIFE SET)- To protect your damascus kitchen knifes set. be sure to clean with a cloth&apply vegetable oil after each use. don't let it wet for long time and store it oiled all the time"

33 Layers Damascus Hammered Stainless Steel
VG10 Alloy Core"

kitchen knife"

ABS handle bi injection
Laguiole logo
In a gift box"

FOR HOME CHEFS &PROFESSIONALS:This Pro chef's knife has been the top choice of both home chefs and professionals alike. Expertly crafted with a ultra sharp stainless steel edge that cuts with ease and efficiency.
ULTRA-SHARP EDGE: Stainless steel blade Fit for all tasks. The professional 8 inch chef's knife is made from high-quality stainless steel. Designed to handle kitchen tasks both big and small, This durable knife's razor sharp and laser-tested blade effortlessly chops, minces, slices and dices. An essential for every kitchen.
ERGONOMICALLY SHAPED HANDLE: Each knife features an ergonomic handle made from wooden handle. This exceptional knife is very strudy and balanced for easy handling.
EXQUISITE GIFT BOX : This Pro Chef Knife with a exquisite Gift Box is very suitable as a gift to parents and friends on kinds of festivals, such as Mother's Day, Father's Day、Thanksgiving Day、Black Friday、Christmas day、New Year、Easter Day、Halloween、birthday, etc.
SERVICE GUARANTEE: we put customer satisfaction as our first priority and we are dedicated in perfect after-sales services. If you have any question on our product, please feel free to contact us and we promise 365-day free replacement."

Razor SharpSTEINBRÜCKE paring knife undergoes precision taper-grinding and hand sharpening to a perfect 16 degree angle on each side. Literally as sharp as a razor. Razor sharp blade can cut through almost anything in your kitchen.
High QualityFabricated from high carbon German stainless steel(5Cr15Mov) and engineered to perfection at 58+Rockwell hardness, making this paring knife rust and corrosion-resistant. The fruit knife with good strength is more durable and sturdy to ensure its long-lasting use.
Well BalancedSingle-piece construction, handle attaches firmly onto the blade which provides a perfect balance. This 4’’ paring knife is lightweight, small and handy. The blade and handle meet with an ergonomic bolster (the gentle slope for your thumb) to make cutting easier and safer.
Comfort GripThe small kitchen knife is secured by the triple-rivet design. Easy-to-grip handle contours to the hand for maximum comfort. The peeling knife is slip resistant even when using with wet hands. Ergonomic handle offers optimum comfort, control, and agility allowing you to peel and slice fruits with less effort.
Multi-Purpose and WarrantySTEINBRÜCKE German paring knife is great for a multitude of tasks such as paring, peeling, garnishing, mincing, slicing, coring, skinning, and trimming vegetables and fruits. Quality first, customer satisfaction are our goals. If the kitchen paring knives doesn’t meet your expectations, please contact us to give you a refund or replacement."

Set includes four 5-inch Kanso steak knives handcrafted in Japan
Hand-sharpened 16° double-bevel blade (32° comprehensive)
Heritage finish hides scratches, gives Kanso a rustic look that just improves with age
Steel: aus10a—high-carbon, vanadium stainless Steel contoured Tagayasan or wedge wood handle
Blade length: 5 In. (12. 7 cm)"


Blades have been tapered to allow for a thinner and more precise cutting edge.
Each knife has been engineered and tested to meet Rockwell 53 specification guaranteeing a blades hardness and optimum performance.
Backed by Cuisine::pro's lifetime guarantee.
Cuisine::pro Damashiro knives have been crafted from the finest Japanese Steel 420J2 and ice hardened ensuring for blade strength and durability. The Damashiro range features a distinctive Damascus inspired tradition and traditional Japanese handle design favoured by Japanese craftsman samurai makers."

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, Swedish Sandvik 14C28N Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. 2018 Red Dot Award Winner, German Design Award Winner and Housewares design finalist. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. Holds an edge up to 5 times longer than German Steel.
Well balanced 5.5"" handle and 7"" blade with HRC 59 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale. Includes carbonized solid Ashwood half open magnetic sheath to ensure your blade will be protected.
This vegetable Cleaver, also know as a Nakiri is great for push cuts, slicing and dicing vegetables, mincing herbs and cutting fruit or cheese. Strong magnets are embedded into the edge of the sheath to hold onto the spine of the knife. A innovative and stylish way to protect your blades and fingers.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

Exclusive Chef's Knife: ONEONTA culinary revolution combining outstanding and award-winning craftsmanship, cutting-edge breakthrough technology, awe-inspiring and exclusive design, and the absolute best materials available. Peak performance never looked so good to you or your wallet
A Chef Knife Engineered to Meaning: The ergonomic and ultra-premium Red Sandalwood handle offers a comfortable grip, it is so fit just like the part of your palm that stretches out! What's more, this knife is named Pioneer, which represents knowledge and courage. The meaning of this chef's knives is continuously develop more creative ideas, whether in the kitchen or in life
Outstanding Craftsmanship Chef Knife: This chefs knife is forged from a single piece of premium AUS-10V Japanese steel that resists rust, corrosion and built for life-long durability. Hand-polished blade spine for smooth handling. It is a solid Japanese chef knife that performs well on a variety of kitchen prep duties
Unrivalled Damascus Kitchen Knife: Engineered to perfection at 60+ Rockwell hardness and hand polished edge at 8-12° degrees per side. 73 layers of premium AUS-10V Japanese steel layers ensure exceptional strength, durability and stain resistance. The chef knife is perfectly balanced, the precisely tapered blade minimizes surface resistance for buttery smooth cut through and enhanced non-stick properties. ONEONTA's stunning genuine Damascus layers
Premium Gift: Its premium stylish and exclusive design is pleasing to the eye, Go ahead, give a friend or loved one a unique statement of class and taste, ready for a bow. 100% SATISFACTION LIFETIME GUARANTEE FROM OUR FAMILY-OWNED SMALL BUSINESS"

PRECISION CUTTING EVERY TIME with the Silislick professional chef knife. Uniform blade with high grade sharpness smoothly cuts through meat, fish, fruits, vegetables, herbs, hard cheese and crusts
HIGH CARBON 67-LAYER DAMASCUS STEEL with incredible edge retention. The Silislick sharpest kitchen knife has a Japanese VG10 super steel core and 62+ Rockwell hardness for superior performance
ERGONOMIC G10 BOLSTER HANDLE with stunning Pakkawood over full tang from tip to grip. 18-degree angled damascus chef knife provides perfect weight and balance for professional chefs and home cooks
DURABLE STRONG CONSTRUCTION built to last with anti-corrosion, rust-proof, scratch resistant polished blade. The 8oz gyutou knife with luxury storage box make great cooking gifts for men and women
LIFETIME QUALITY ASSURANCE with every purchase. At Silislick we always put our customers first. If you’re not happy with your japanese chefs knife we’ve got you covered with our Lifetime Warranty"

Package Includes XYj cutlery set includes: 1 x 3.5 inch paring knife, 1 x 5 inch utility knife, 1 x 5 inch Santoku knife, 1 x 7 inch Santoku knife, 1 x 8 inch slicing knife, 1 x 8 inch chef knife, 6 x knife sheaths
Super Sharp Blade The blade of this kitchen knife is made of 7Cr17Mov stainless steel, and uses a V-shaped and fine processing blade, which can maintain the sharpness of the chef knife for a long time with incredible robustness and quality
Ergonomic Wooden Handle The handle is made by high quality color wood, which is comfortable, stability and well balanced when holding to use. The light weight and ergonomic design make the chef knife feels quite balanced and you won’t feel finger numbness
Professional Chef's Knife XYj Stainless steel chef knife is a multifunction cutlery knife, which is designed for professional applications, suitable for cutting, dicing, slicing, chopping with vegetables, fruit bread and meat, adding satisfaction and enjoyment of kitchen experience
Unique Knife Sheath This cooking knife comes with knife sheath to protect your knife blade, beautiful and safe"

Hand crafted knives Forged from 67 Layers of special formula Cangshan X-7 Damascus Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. 2017 Red Dot Design Award Winner, IDEA Award Finalist, 2018 German Design Award Winner. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. Hand sharpened to a 16-degree angle per side.
Well balanced 5.5"" handle and 7"" blade with HRC 60 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale. Includes a fitted dark Walnut wood magnetic Saya style sheath to protect the knife blade. Handcrafted by skilled bladesmiths, each precisely balanced knife pairs exceptional performance with timeless design.
Kiritsuke knives knives feature a straight edge for vegetables, and a long blade for slicing fish with ease. The user must be highly skilled with traditional Japanese knives to utilize this unique kiritsuke style design and single edged blade properly. Strong magnets are embedded into the edge of the Saya sheath to hold onto the spine of the knife. A innovative and stylish way to protect your blades and fingers.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

Professional Kitchen Chef Knife--The multifunctional cooking knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks of cutting, slicing, chopping, mincing and dicing of fruits, vegetables and all kind of meat. A professional and all-rounder home cooks knife for you.
Super Sharp Edge--67-layer Japanese Damascus super steel with a finely polished surface. Corrosion resistant and tough. The curved edges are sharp, more durable and sharper. It can be stabilized at 60 ± 2 HRC, with vacuum heat treatment hardness and long-lasting clarity.
Easy to Use-- It is very waterproof and non-slip. It is perfectly shaped to allow easy and safe cutting and minimize fatigue, numbness or pain after prolonged use.
Unique Handle Design-- Unique shank shape design, Eye-catching. The surface is more shiny and comfortable. Ergonomic.The materials of the handle are mainly: imported resin, strictly selected color wood, It is decorated with double copper rings that will not rust.
High-End Gift ChoiceChoose XITUO high quality professional chef knife，Smart choice for family chefs and professional. In the high end case, it has a wrapped gift box suitable as a gift (Christmas, Birthday, Mother's Day, Father's Day)"

Handmade Forged Kitchen Knife: This chef's knife adopts manual forging hammering process, with high hardness, strong toughness, high strength, wear resistance and impact resistance. An essential meat cleaver knife for every family and restaurant.
Multi-purpose Chinese Cleaver Knife:The kitchen chooses the right knife, and the food materials are easy to deal with. This Chinese kitchen knife can easily deal with hard bones and meat, whether it is chicken bones, duck bones, rabbit bones, fish bones and some hard food which needs to be cut
Ergonomic Design Handle: The knife's handle is made from high quality round color wood to make it more manipulating ease, comfort grip and minimize any fatigue, finger numbness or aches after holding it continuously for an extended time.
Size And Weight: This Chinese cleaver knife total length is 12.5inch, the blade is 8 inch,it is much easier to manipulate for different functions such as chopping, mincing, dicing, and slicing.The weight is 20oz.which makes you feel more durable and effortless to cuts easily through large pieces of food"

Blade is made of molybdenum vanadium steel
Tang: Partial Wooden Handle With ""Mekugi"" Bamboo Pin
Included is a manufacturer's Lifetime Limited warranty against defects only
Wash with Warm water and hand Dry after every use (see next section for more information)"

MEASUREMENT> Total length: 7.4 Inch Blade Length: 7.2 Inches Handle Length: 5.7 Inches Ring Hole: 1.1 Inch Blade Thickness: 3.5mm Handle Material: Beautiful Solid Rose Wood & Olive Wood Mosaic pin, and Brass rivet With Amazing art on it
A SUPER STRENGTH BLADE BUILT TO LAST: Unique Quality Material Used 1095/15N20 ALLOY STEELS.Hardness of the blade of this knife is HRC 58-60.Damascus blade has a super strength core and is sheathed in (352 true Layers) of Damascus steel to add additional strength and protect your knife.
MULTI PURPOSE KNIFE: - HERBS or PIZZA CUTTER-SLICING - MINCING & DICING SKINNING- GUTTING- CUTTING: The professional Chef Knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks - designed for , slicing - mincing and dicing of fruit - vegetables and meat.It is very easy for you to crush food like garlic - ginger and tomato - etc etc. Makes you enjoy the kitchen life and experience endless fun- best gift for your family and friends.
 BEST GIFT IDEA :This knife is also a SUPER GIFT IDEA FOR MEN WOMEN on Birthday, Christmas and Father's Day. black friday knife deals, hunting black friday deals,husband christmas gifts, mens womens thanksgiving gift knife, Halloween gift knife, Friends giving gift, Knives for him her, knifes gifts for chef, boyfriend etc Sharp Edge Blade with Perfect Grip with Leather Sheath
HOW TO CARE DAMASCUS Ulu Knife - To Protect your Damascus Ulu be sure to clean with a cloth&apply vegetable oil after each use. don't let it wet for long time and store it oiled all the time"

Blades have been tapered to allow for a thinner and more precise cutting edge.
Each knife has been engineered and tested to meet Rockwell 53 specification guaranteeing a blades hardness and optimum performance.
Backed by Cuisine::pro's lifetime guarantee.
Cuisine::pro Damashiro knives have been crafted from the finest Japanese Steel 420J2 and ice hardened ensuring for blade strength and durability. The Damashiro range features a distinctive Damascus inspired tradition and traditional Japanese handle design favoured by Japanese craftsman samurai makers."

The Superior Santoku Knife: Outstanding craftsmanship, best quality materials available and innovative design make this the Santoku chef knife you need. The look and performance of this Japanese kitchen knife is unmatched.
Beauty and Performance: Made from Japanese Damascus AUS-10 Super Steel, this 7 inch blade is stunning with its patented 'wave' pattern and delivers outstanding performance with a HRC of 61±1.
Comfort and Style: With a handle made from a beautiful stabilized burl wood and red resin, this Japanese knife will stand out in any kitchen. The hefty handle and tapered bolster provide great control and comfort during long food prep sessions.
Reliability and Performance: Hand finished using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method, this blade has an incredible 12-15° razor edge per side with a mirror polished cutting angle for ultimate sharpness and edge retention.
Lifetime Warranty: Our chef knives are built with perfection in mind. We provide a lifetime warranty against materials and/or manufacturing defects (only if purchased directly from ‘Zelite Infinity’ – check item is “sold by Zelite-Infinity”). Try it risk free!"

High Quality Hand forged Damascus Steel Kitchen Knives Set with Red Pukka Wood Scale. Damascus steel, it’s a passion Stylish knives that will suit your kitchen Excellent quality Razor Sharp blades Red Pukka Wood Scale Spacers excellent feel Exquisite workmanship with extreme Durability BLADE MATERIAL: The High Grade Damascus steel used for these blades consists of layers of low carbon & high carbon mixture welded, forged and hammered several times to obtain Up to 200 Layers.
The hardness of these blades is up to 55 HRC on the Rockwell scale providing sharp edges that are designed for lots of use. Precision heat treating methods are employed to provide the sharpest, most enduring edges available. HANDLE MATERIAL: Only quality materials have been used to create this beautiful Knives Set, hand forged kitchen knives. Featuring High Grade Damascus Steel blade.
Thank you to everyone that has purchased from us, we hope you come back to see us again in the future."

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece, hot-drop hammer forged, which produces the strongest blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 57-58.
The three-step, 15 degree “Elite” edge is hand stropped on a cloth wheel, creating the sharpest possible cutting surface on an edged tool.
The bolsterless heel simplifies all cutting, sharpening & honing tasks, making use of the entire blade from heel to tip.
Handcrafted in the historic cutlery capital of Solingen, Germany.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."


Blade consists of 133 layers of steel, resulting in a floral damascus pattern
MC66 MicroCarbide steel is hardened to 66 HRC
D-shaped handle made from stunning black ash
Sharpened using a traditional, three step Honbazuke method
Hand crafted in Seki, Japan"

The blades have undergone a premium Japanese leather sharpening process has been added providing an even sharper cutting blade.
Each blade is engineered and tested to meet Rockwell 53 specification guaranteeing a blades hardness and optimum performance.
Backed by Cuisine::pro's lifetime guarantee.
Cuisine::pro Damashiro Emperor Japanese knives are made from the finest quality Japanese steel. Inspired by traditional Japanese craftsman and Samurai sword makers, these knives are characterised by distinctive damascus inspired patterns on the blade of banding and mottling reminiscent of flowing water. Damashiro blades are made from specialist ice hardened Japanese steel which makes them super tough, resistant to shattering and capable of being honed to a sharp, resilient edge."

Damascus Steel This butcher chef knife is made of over 200 layers of Damascus steel, the handle and the blade are integrated without soldering, which is firm and durable to eliminate broken handle.
Handmade Forged Technology The cutlery knives are sharpened manually by workers with more than 25 years of experience by using natural knife grinders mined. Compared with kitchen knives made with mechanical ways, the service life of such knives is longer.
Full Tang Wooden Handle Pakka wood bolsters with rosewood scales, Ergonomic Full Tang handle can prevent the blade comfortable to grip and non-slip effect. The kitchen cleaver butcher knife is a great beauty, impeccable performance this strong design with a good strength, durability.
Convenient To Carry Out The butcher knife kitchen comes with an unique leather knife sheath to protect the knife blade, beautiful and more safety, and can be attached to the belt for easy carrying when using outdoor.
Our TrustRock-solid 100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEED, try it risk free. See why chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Nooraki Difference'. Nooraki luxury packaging. Now you are slicing with POWER. Nooraki POWER."

SG2 (MC63) micro-carbide powder steel
Designed to Master Bladesmith Bob Kramer's exacting specifications
Traditional 3-step hand sharpening for exceptionally high sharpness
Double-tapered blade and tang
Beautiful 101-layer Chevron Damascus design"

133-layer Damascus blade with a cutting core of special MicroCarbide powder steel (MC66)
66 Rockwell Hardness; 12 degree blade angle, Cryodur ice-hardened blade
Triple-rivet ergonomic micarta handle is made of linen and synthetic resin with a beautiful bright red and black color
Stainless steel end cap with Zwilling Twin logo
Made in Seki, Japan"

SUPER SHARP: Make your cooking effortless! Made with 67 layers of premium VG-10 Japanese Damascus steel, these knives cut, chop or slice anything with precision and ease.
NATURAL NON-STICK SURFACE: Made with premium quality Japanese steel that creates a natural nonstick cutting surface, and provides durability & stability for long lasting use.
ELEGANT STARTER KIT & GIFT: The set includes an 8 inch chef knife & 3.5 inch paring knife. The knives have a sleek, classic look that looks great, and makes a wonderful present.
COMFORTABLE GRIP: Reduce hand, arm and wrist tension with ergonomically designed dark wood finished handles that are perfectly contoured for your comfort and ease of use.
VERSATILE KNIFE SET: The multipurpose chef knife can cut almost anything with its sharp blade. The paring knife is ideal for peeling, coring, trimming, decorating & detail work."

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, X50CrMoV15 German Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. HRC 58 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
Set includes: 9"" carving knife, and 6"" carving fork.
Great for everything from serving up perfect cuts of prime rib to slicing leftovers for your favorite sandwich, this attractive, functional set contains everything you need to carve and serve meats in style.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

Chef knife is made of high-grade steel, 'VG10' high-performance stainless steel material is 'V gold' standard with top steel quality. Stainless steel with high carbon content containing 1% carbon, 15% chromium
CHOPPING, SLICING, DICING, MINCING - The high carbon German steel blade can cut through anything easily. It is super sharp with a razor edge that will stay sharp for years to come. It slices and dices like no other knife you've ever used before!
MULTI FUNCTIONAL KNIFE - The 8 inches Damascus Chef Knife has a wide variety of uses in the kitchen from chopping vegetables to mincing herbs and more. This knife is also great for cutting meat into small pieces or even slicing meat into thin strips or paper thin slices of beef and pork tenderloin!
Ergonomic design-The handle of the chef's knife was designed to be more comfortable and easy to hold. It has a solid construction and an ergonomic design that makes it easier to use for extended periods of time without feeling fatigued. This Damascus Knife is a perfect Gift for fathers day for dad, fathers day gift for men
Kitchen Knife with Ebonywood Handle- The dense, fine-grained structure of ebony not only enhances the aesthetics but ebony is also very durable and moisture resistant makes it ideal choice for knife handles Sharpening, Corrosion and Rust Free- The combination of vanadium, chrome and molybdenum also ensures that the steel is corrosion and wear and tear resistant. VG 10 knives will, as a result, not be prone to rust and also don’t need to be sharpened frequently Fathers Day."

High Quality Knife- The kitchen chef's knife is made of 67 layers of Damascus. The steel core adopts Japanese AUS10, which has good sharpness and excellent rust prevention ability. Cutting the core at 60 ± 2 HRC hardness,enhance the overall malleability of the chef knife.
Anti-corrosion and Versatility- Damascus steel contains rare metal chrome, which enhances the sharpness of the tool and improves the rust resistance. It is a multi-purpose knife classification and design, suitable for professional applications of multi-purpose knives suitable for cutting , Chopping and Slicing. A professional chef knife，it makes sure you enjoy your cooking time!
Non-slip Handle-The chef's knife high-quality wooden handle, triple riveted to the Forged Full Tang for Extra Strength & Durability. The ergonomic handle shape is engineered for superior control, even if you use it for a long time, you won't feel tired and uncomfortable.Ideal for people who frequently use for cooking or who like the kitchen.
Exquisite and Beautiful- The fishbone pattern of the knife is the natural pattern of Damascus steel. After special processing, the pattern looks more beautiful and more high-end.
Customer Service- The knife come with a exquisite black box,suitable as a gift to your family and friends.Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions during use."

Offered by GladiatorsGuild for kitchen, Camping & Hunting
Blade Lengths:
to Protect your Damascus kitchen knives set, BE SURE to dry & apply VEGETABLE OIL after each use."

ULTRA SHARP: Made from 5Cr15Mov High Carbon Stainless Steel, handmade V-beveled blade double edge offer extremely sharpness cutting experiences.
ERGONOMIC: Ergonomically designed deluxe black pakka wood handle to prevent slip and create comfortable holding. The features result in a balanced, weighted knife that makes food and meal preparation easier and more enjoyable.
FASHIONABLE: Charming Damascus fishbone laser patter, marvelous fishbone pattern to enjoy your kitchen life. Perfect handguard satisfies your habit of gripping knife and anti-cutting hand.
PROFESSIONAL: Flexible professional chef knife easy cut kinds of food. HRC54-58 Extremely sharpness and durability. Built with stainless steel and professional-level artistry, these knives require minimal maintenance.
GIFTING: Setting in a premium packaging box and ABS knife sheath making it Perfect for Gifting which is an ideal gift for any home or professional kitchen cook."

Professional Multifunctional Utility KnifeThe kitchen utility knife is made of ultra-sharp Damascus steel. High-quality steel can create good edge retention and reduce the frequency of sharpening. The paring knife is ideal for mincing, peeling, slicing, or dicing fruits and vegetables. It can easily help you to complete your daily kitchen task. And it is an excellent chef gift for cooking beginners, professional chefs, and ordinary families
Sharp EdgeHand polished edge by skilled craftsman ensure its Sharpness and Permanence, which can effortless to cut most of the meat and vegetables. Double side cutting edge, both right and left hands are applicable. Smooth cutting greatly decreases the time to prepare. It becomes easier to process the ingredients. This sharp knife will enhance your cooking experience and let you enjoy the cooking process
High Balanced - Blue Resin HandleOur paring knife handle use high-quality blue resin, this material is known for its comfort, durability, strength, handle comfortable grip, non-slip, long-lasting beauty. The handle will not crack even long time of use. You will not feel fatigued, also let you enjoy your cooking
Sharp Blade And Beautiful PatternThe blade is hand-polished by skilled craftsmen to ensure its sharpness and durability. Double-sided cutting edge, suitable for right and left hand. The beautiful design pattern on the blade makes our kitchen knives more attractive than other Damascus knives
360 Day After-sales serviceBest cooking knife for your money. We offer a 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK policy against defects, try it risk-free. For any problems, please contact us and we will reply to you immediately to solve all of your worries"

Damascus Knife SET67 layers of Japanese Damascus super steel, finely polished surface. Corrosion resistant and tough. The sharp curved edge is clear and more durable; stable at 60±2 HRC, the hardness of vacuum heat treatment and long-lasting transparency.
Comfortable Handle The outstanding design of G10 handle meets the requirements of human engineering. The agility and comfort make you control the cutting easily.
Excellent perfect bladeExquisite Damascus pattern, fish bone texture extruded from 67 layers of steel. The blade is very strong and stable. The sharp edges can be used for many years. With excellent clarity, you can easily slice meat and vegetables.
Damascus Chef knife Set Professional8-inch chef knife ,7 inch Santoku Knife, 3.5 inch Kitchen Utility Knife, 5.5 inch Boning Knife. 4-piece knife set ,every knife has a gift box
High-End Gift ChoiceChoose XITUO high quality professional chef knife，Smart choice for family chefs and professional. In the high end case, it has a nice wrapped gift box suitable as a gift (Christmas, Birthday, Mother's Day, Father's Day)"

Super Sharp Kitchen knife: Dnifo Kiritsuke knife is made of 440C martensitic stainless steel, the Carbon content of C-1.2%, which has higher hardness (Hardness up to 58HRC). Using traditional hands forging technology combined with vacuum deep cool treatment, to achieve the best balance of hardness, toughness and sharpness, providing unparalleled performance.
Japanese Professional Chefs Knife: The Kiritsuke knife is one of the few traditionally multi-purpose Japanese-style knives, and is a hybrid between the Yanagiba (raw fish slicer) and the Usuba (Japanese-style vegetable knife). It's developed for every different task, used it easy about mincing, slicing, and dicing fruits, vegetables, meats, sashimi, sushi and so on.
Unique & Beautiful Handle: The handle is made of beautiful blue resin and burl wood, which is ergonomic and comfortable in your hands. Our unique Japanese chef knife each handle comes with different color combinations and designs. Every kitchen knife is as unique and cool as you!
Perfect Gift: When you open the case and remove the knife from the case, you will be fascinated by the beauty and grandeur of this artwork. Very nice durable and excellent craftsmanship knife, well worth the money. It's a good choice as an amazing gift for Birthdays, Mother's Day, weddings, anniversaries, Christmas and other special occasions.
Quality Assurance: 100% satisfaction or money-back guarantee, try it risks free. Your complete satisfaction is our primary objective. Please contact us immediately for our best customer service for any problems."

Multipurpose Nakiri KnifeThe Nakiri knife is a Western-style Japanese vegetable knife with a thin and broad rectangular blade, a double bevel straight cutting edge, and a flat, blunt tip. It is specifically designed to excel at quickly and efficiently chopping, slicing, dicing and mincing vegetables and fruits, and is popular throughout Japan as a staple for home cooks and vegetarians. 165mm(6.5 inch) as the most suitable size for most people. This knife is best used for: vegetables.
Double-edged Sharp Blade This super sharp chef's nakiri knife is a double-edged blade design, so it is suitable for left-handed and right-handed people. The blade edge angle is 12°-13° on each side. Professional kitchen cooking knives have excellent aesthetics, impeccable performance, sturdy design, good strength, durability and the ability to control the full cut handle. Ideal for professional kitchens or home cooks.
Forged HC Steel After thousands of times of hammering the blade by workers with more than 30 years of experience, the carbon content of the blade is more uniform and the hardness is higher. Manufactured with an ultra-sharp and cryogenically treated steel cutting core at HRC 58+ hardness, this Nakiri vegetable knife boasts unrivaled performance and incredible edge retention. Forged hammered texture on the blade make it beautiful to behold and also helps to prevent foods from sticking.
Pakkawood Handle with Mosaic Rivet The weight and the balance between the blade and the handle are very balanced.The ergonomic pakkawood handle and tapered bolster minimizes wrist tension while providing a secure, comfortable grip no matter your hand size or where you grip. The mosaic rivet brings an overall harmony and stunning visuality to the whole piece. The hole of blade allow you hang it on your kitchen wall. A wild and powerful look makes your kitchen look less monotonous.
100% Satisfaction WarrantyWe guarantee lifetime free replacement. So you don’t have to wonder if you are risking your money. Please feel free to contact us with any questions. This Cleaver Knife is worth of a collection or tool by these who is looking for a high quality and pretty kitchen knife. With the luxury packing it is also the wise choice as a gift for culinary students, home cooks, professional chefs and more in the Christmas."

Innovative Blade Design Damascus knife blades are stylish and will go with any kitchen decor. This chef knife is made from VG10 Damascus, that took you a great deal of time before will now only take you minutes with this kitchen knife
VG10 Damascus Steel XYJ kitchen knife made of the highest quality Japanese Damascus high-carbon steel VG10, at the moment cuts effortlessly through meats, fruits, vegetables. A good cutlery set for your kitchen
Comfortable G10 Handle The handle of this knife with ergonomic design, high quality G10 handle, non-slip Pro handle provides a sure grip and easy handling even when wet, making each chef’s knife safer,comfortable and more efficient
Unique Knife Sheath This Damascus chef’s knife come with knife sheath, which is made of high quality plastic, durable and beautiful. This knife cover case can protect your knife and finger, make it more safety when use or carry out. With the blade protector, this Damascus knife can be your go-to knife for camping, hunting and BBQ
Wide Use The Damascus knife suitable for cutting vegetables, fruits, meat, etc. This style of folded steel provides strength, durability, beauty, and a natural non-stick cutting surface. Best kitchen knife for cutting the fish, fruits, vegetables, meat and guaranteeing the family especially the baby's health and the food's cleanness and health."

Contemporary pocket folding knife from our TopKnife Collection, based on the French Laguiole design, which you can use as an everyday knife and also for cutting your steak with style in any place, including at your favorite BBQ restaurant. It is also useful for many small tasks in your daily routine, camping and outdoors. Small enough to keep in your pocket or glove compartment.
Knife has 7-5/8"" total length when open and 4-3/8"" when folded. Blade has 3-1/2"" length, is made of AISI 440 high carbon stainless steel (0.95% carbon, 16% chromium) and is 3/32"" thick (2.5 mm). Hardness is 56-59 RC which insures a long-lasting sharpness.
Handle is made of maple wood with an elegant matte finish. Front bolster with the famous bee design, and three rivets are made of stainless steel.
Hand-washing and drying is recommended. Limited lifetime manufacturer's warranty. Designed in France and made in China."

 Premium MaterialManufactured from high-quality German stainless steel (1.4116) that maintains its functionality for a long time. Its 15% of Chromium is great evidence of high corrosion resistance. Meanwhile, 0.55% of carbon and a bit of Vanadium improves hardness and wear resistance. With a 58+ HRC, the 4116 steel knife has good edge retention.
Incredibly Razor SharpEach blade edge is hand-honed and precisely polished to achieves 12-15 degrees per side to ensure excellent cutting performance.
 Well Balance & Good GripFeaturing an ergonomic handle made from Pakkawood that is resilient and ultra-durable, this exceptional kitchen knife is perfect weighted and well balanced for easy controlling. The unique shape is ergonomically crafted for optimum comfort, control, and agility.
 Multi-Purpose Use Acting as a more maneuverable tool in the kitchen, this paring knife/kitchen utility knife effortlessly handles precision-oriented tasks like mincing a shallot, making perfect orange segments,peeling apples and deveining shrimp
  100% Service Guarantee Enjoy your risk-free shopping on Keemake. If, for any reason, your product proves to be unsatisfactory, feel free to contact our 24x7 hrs customer service for the items' replacement or refund."

High Carbon Clad Steel Cleaver This chef knife is made of manganese steel, the handle and the blade are integrated without soldering, which is firm and durable to eliminate broken handle. Suitable for Vegetable, meat and bread, good choice to be your go to knife.
Handmade Forged Technology The chef knives are sharpened manually by workers with more than 30 years of experience by using natural knife grinders mined from Mount Emei. Compared with kitchen knives made with mechanical ways, the service life of such knives is longer.
Full Tang Wooden Handle Ergonomic Full Tang handle can prevent the blade comfortable to grip and non-slip effect. The kitchen cleaver butcher knife is a great beauty and well balance, impeccable performance this strong design with a good strength, durability.
Professional Chef's Knife XYj Stainless steel chef knife is a multifunction cutlery knife, which is designed for professional applications, suitable for cutting, dicing, slicing, chopping with vegetables, fruit bread and meat, adding satisfaction and enjoyment of kitchen experience.
How To Maintain Due to the forged knife has higher carbon content, please pay attention to clean the knife, and acidic or alkaline substances cannot stay on the blade for a long period. Such knife shall be wiped dry after cleaning. Some cooking oil may be applied on it if it is not used for a long time. And it shall be placed at a dry place for storage."

High-carbon stainless steel blades feature our exclusive Taper Grind edge technology for optimum sharpness, edge retention and easier resharpening.
Full tang blade extends from tip of the knife to end of the handle for added balance and strength
Classically designed solid walnut handles provide comfort and safety when cutting
Triple compression brass rivets hold the handles securely to the blade for added safety and stability.
Provided by Authorized Chicago Cutlery Distributors: Full Lifetime Warranty"

DYNASTY SERIES - Dazzling and opulent. Astonishingly formidable with unparalleled craftsmanship, our Dynasty Series knives were expertly designed by our master artisans to reflect centuries of traditional Japanese knife design, along with cutting-edge nitrogen-cooled forging techniques, and feature shockingly sharp cutting edges alongside perfectly balanced & ergonomic grips for amazing comfort and safety. Stylish & stunningly gorgeous, these knives are sure to draw the eye in any kitchen!
A BREATHTAKING BLADE — Ferociously sharp & made from our own specially formulated ThyssenKrupp German 1.4116 Stainless Steel for greatly enhanced corrosion & rust resistance, these Precision Forged, Nitrogen Cooled blades are individually handcrafted & hand-sharpened by our virtuoso technicians in the traditional 3-stage Honbazuke method to 16° per side for clean, precise, cuts, amazing edge-retention, & have a Rockwell Hardness of 58 for maximum strength, flexibility, & blade edge durability.
SENSATIONAL COMFORT — When you first grip the handle of this knife it will feel as if it were made for you specifically. Our hand-crafted G10 Fiber-Resin Handle is impact resistant, & nearly impervious to heat, cold, & moisture, while its seamless build ensures no dirt or debris can ever infiltrate its pristine body. Our ergonomic design has ample knuckle clearance for superior control and agility, with triple rivet construction and amazingly superior Full Tang Strength for safe & precise use.
CONSTRUCTED TO LAST FOREVER - This knife will be your culinary companion for life & comes with Kessaku’s 100% Lifetime Warranty. Because we work tirelessly to ensure you’re delivered a true quality culinary masterpiece, all of our knives come with our Kessaku True Lifetime Warranty. Our very highest priority is that you are completely thrilled with our products and truly in love with our brand. Contact us with any issue or concerns and we will immediately do our absolute best to make it right.
MAKES AN AMAZING PRESENT - This exquisite knife will arrive in style, greeting you in our beautifully designed & elegant Magnetic Closure Gift Box, Custom Sheath & Polishing Cloth. Perfect for a Birthday, Wedding, Anniversary, Mother’s Day, Father’s Day, Christmas, House Warming. Give this to your favorite chef. The astonishing quality of this lovingly crafted, professional knife means you’ll be giving them a gift that they’ll have & use for eternity so they’ll always think of you!"

Total length: 33.5cm (13inch)
Blade length: 20.5cm ( 8inch )
Blade width: 4.3cm
Blade material: imported forged Damascus VG10 steel(Hardness: 59-60HRC)
Handle material: Ebony + imported particle yellow sandalwood (each wood grain is unique)"

PROFESSIONAL 8"" CHEF KNIFE - Super sharp edges and perfect curvature(hand finished to a mirror polish at 8-12° per side) meets all the chef's requirements for the knife. The razor-sharp forged edge is easy for cutting and hold its sharpness for a long lifetime. Nitrogen cooled for enhanced harness, flexibility and corrosion resistance
Dalstrong Power: An ultra sharp AUS-10V Japanese super steel cutting core at 62+ Rockwell hardness: extraordinary performance and edge retention. 67 layers of premium high-carbon stainless steel layers ensure exceptional strength, durability and stain resistance. the precisely tapered blade minimizes surface resistance for buttery smooth cut through and enhanced non-stick properties
A Handle Engineered to Perfection：Carefully hand polished, Octagonal stable wooden handle,the ergonomic handle shape is engineered for superior hand control, agility and comfort. Each handle is unique
ULTRA-SHARP EDGE: Sharpness is the most important feature for a cutting knife and we reached the great results in providing the best sharpness of our knives on the market. The quality of this piece will shine for you, with out-of-the-box use Characteristics, super sharp and sturdy
THE PERFECT GIFT - The knife comes in a high-quality black gift box, making it the perfect gift for wife, husband, parents, grandparents, friends or yourself.The included gift ready storage case beautifully showcases our world class damascus blade upon opening"

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece stamped, which produces a strong blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 56-57.
The over-sized, hygienic, molded, seamless polypropylene handles provide comfort for the extreme demands of a commercial kitchen.
Handcrafted in Santa Catarina, Portugal."

SIZE: Blade Length about 210mm(8.3inch), Total Length 370mm(14.6inch), Weight about 180g(6.3oz)
Edge of Blade : Aogami Super Steel which contains High-Carbon. Hardness : around HRC64 +/- 1, Cut Well
Double Bevel. Available for both Right and Left Hander. Wooden Handle.Use : Cutting Meat, Vegetables, Fish. As Aogami Super hardness is extremely high, it is hard to grind and we recommend the knife for just those who know well about Japanese kitchen knives and sharpening.
Made in Japan! （Tosa) Handmade by Tosa Craftsmen! Kurouchi : Rough Appearance, but you can feel Tosa Craftsmen Spirits!
Lovers of Japanese Handmade Items to Gather! By hammering the materials, the craftsman changes its features! Come and get to see the miracles Japanese Craftsmen make! It could have some small scratches, flaws or bent, but they are the proof of handmade! The product seems rougher than machine made ones, but the quality is great, which you cannot feel with machine made one!"

High-Carbon 5CR15MOV Stainless Steel
Long-Lasting Sharpness: Premium high-carbon stainless steel blade boasts precision&rapidly cutting and lasting sharpness,the exceedingly sharp edge easily pass through tough ingredients with a razor-sharp cutting angle for easy meal preparation
Durable & Robust:The kitchen knife set ensures exceptional sturdiness, longevity, wear-resistance, and corrosion resistance, every blade,forged from high-carbon 5Cr15MoV steel, makes it incredibly rust-proof, corrosion-resistant, and easy to clean
Comfort Grip:The ergonomic full tang design fits your palms perfectly for maximum comfort,the gravity balance design and ABS anti-slip handle help reduce hand fatigue,provide a reliable and secure grip while cutting
French Design with Damascus-Like Pattern: Kitchen knife set designed by French professional designers, PARIS RHÔNE knife block set features an elegant streamlined shape and Damascus-like pattern, makes it an ideal gift for housewarmings, weddings, birthdays, party, and more
All-in-One Unique Knife Set:The kitchen knife set includes not only chef's knife,bread knives, paring knife but also Santoku knife,utility knife,boning knife, 6 steak knives,carving knife,carving fork,multifunctional kitchen scissors, providing the right knife for any task and tremendous meal preparation fun,besides the knives is easy to store in the included breathable,damp-proof, and slip-resistant hard wooden block,the built-in sharpener flawlessly completes the knife set"

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece, hot-drop hammer forged, which produces the strongest blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 57-58.
The three-step, 15 degree “Elite” edge is hand stropped on a cloth wheel, creating the sharpest possible cutting surface on an edged tool.
The bolsterless heel simplifies all cutting, sharpening & honing tasks, making use of the entire blade from heel to tip.
Handcrafted in the historic cutlery capital of Solingen, Germany.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece stamped, which produces a strong blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 56-57.
The over-sized, hygienic, molded, seamless polypropylene handles provide comfort for the extreme demands of a commercial kitchen.
Handcrafted in Santa Catarina, Portugal.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

UNLEASH THE CHEF WITHIN: Dice and slice vegetables easily with the Nunchi Japanese Nakiri Knife! Traditionally known as a Nakiri bocho, this Japanese vegetable cleaver is the perfect kitchen utensil for cutting greens. Expertly crafted with the utmost attention to balance and functionality, this ultra-sharp knife will have you chopping like a pro!
CUT ABOVE THE REST: Always cook with the confidence of a professional with this stainless steel knife! This amazing Japanese knife is made with 67 layers of VG-10 stainless steel, providing an incredibly sharp edge and a 60-62 rating on the hardness scale. Our Usuba knife is carefully crafted to be strong and durable, always ensuring clean cuts.
READY FOR VEGETABLES: This superior Nakiri chef knife is ideal for expertly cutting long vegetables such as carrots, celery, or zucchini. The entire long, flat blade of our veg knife is designed to come in contact with your cutting board, and each edge is beveled with a Ryoba angle that allows for a straight slicing motion to quickly cut veggies.
DESIGNED FOR COMFORT: This 7-inch knife features an exquisite pakkawood handle that is ergonomic and provides a comfortable, non-slip grip to give you confidence in the kitchen. Each dicing knife is ultra-sharp, perfectly balanced, and corrosion-resistant - ensuring that our Nakiri knives become essential tools whenever you cook.
AMAZING CRAFTSMANSHIP: Handcrafted with beautiful Damascus steel for a unique, stunning finish, this Nakiri vegetable knife is made for true chefs and cooks. Designed and created with impeccable attention to detail, our mincing knife is the perfect gift to provide the function and precision grillmasters, home cooks and professionals deserve."

1. Extremely Sharp Chopping Knife: Sharpness is key of all the cutting knife.Hand-polished by craftsmen with decades of experience, Amourate japanese chef knife are ultra sharp with only 12-degree edge, cutting force only 12N stainless steel kitchen knives, creates a perfect cutting force. Amourate chopping knife hardness is 7Cr17Mov, with excellent sharp edge and longer service life.
2. Sturdy Ergonomic Handle: The handle adopts Japanese integrated forging technology to increase the safety factor of use handle make sure chefs knife has superior stability and longevity, since they won't shrink, crack or falls off. The ergonomic shape enables the right balance between the handle and the thin blade, the palm fits perfectly to the handle, even after prolonged use, your palm and wrist will not fatigue.
3. Revolutionary Knife Edge Design: The 7 inch santoku chefs knife scalloped hollow edge is add gap between the knife blade and the material being cut, keeping things from sticking to the knife blade, special for slicing, dicing, and mincing. The blade of this chef knife is integrated with a soft and comfortable handle, creating the perfect grip.Amourate chefs knife is the best choice for the kitchen.
4. Comprehensive Kitchen Knife Set: 1x chef knife,1x Peeling knife. This professional 7'' chef’s knife set can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks of chopping, like chopping, slicing, dicing, mincing of meat ,fruits and vegetables. This pro-grade cutlery set can easily handle all your kitchen tasks. What’s more, knife thickness is 2mm means no chips.It is truly all-around cooking knife!
5. Unique Ice Forging Process: Extremely low temperature quenching, which changes the physical properties of steel. After quenching, put it in a low temperature environment of -328℉ /-200°C to improve the toughness and corrosion resistance of the kitchen knife. As a responsible seller, if product quality problems occur, please contact us, we will definitely give you a satisfactory solution."

Precision Forged German (X50CrMoV15) Stainless steel provides stain resistance and heat treated to provide long lasting sharpness
G-10 handles, extreme durability with elegant wood grain look (Strongest Handle Material)
Ergonomic handle design with a smooth blade to handle transition that offers comfortable grip
Perfect balance, Full tang, strength and durability
Includes: 8 inch Chef knife, 7 inch Santoku, 7.5 inch Fillet Knife, 8 inch Bread knife, 8 inch Carving knife, 6 inch Utility, 3.5 inch Paring, heavy duty poultry shears, 8 inch Sharpening steel, (6) Steak knives and Beautiful Bamboo Block - Lifetime warranty"

Professional Chef's Knife: The 8"" Chef's Knife is made of high quality German stainless steel. The blade is forged by a new cold forging process, which is super sharp, rust-proof and corrosion-resistant. This is an elegant and practical premium kitchen knife， that can easily handle various tasks in the kitchen and is a good tool for the kitchen. Perfect for home cooks, culinary experts, professional chefs and commercial restaurants.
Classic Safflower Pear Handle: Made of premium material with a fine texture and durable. Finely polished by hand, with a natural grain and gorgeous color, it is very popular whether it is matched with a cutting board or decorated in a home kitchen. Ergonomic design, comfortable to hold, reduce cutting resistance and ensure non-slip safety, It can effectively reduce hand fatigue even if you work for a long time.
Enhanced Hand Guard Blade: The sharp edge of the blade is an important function for optimal cutting. Using V-shaped sharpening on each side (12~15º), the blade thickness reaches (2.3 mm) to better maintain the sharpness. The position of the blade and the knife handle adopts an overall thick structure, which is more sturdy and durable. The unique bolster bolster forms a sturdy hand guard for great safety, and a sharp kitchen knife can quickly get through a variety of jobs.
Best Cutting Knife: This high quality multipurpose kitchen knife has a superbly forged handle and an ultra sharp blade, great for dicing, slicing, and chopping, and it's the best chef's knife for cooking. This sharp carving knife can cut all kinds of fruits, vegetables, meat, sushi, bread, etc. Due to integration of Japanese gyuto knives elements, So carving chicken and sashimi super great.
Quality Assurance and Safety: BOLESTA kitchen knives promise 100% after-sales service. The knife is installed in an exquisite gift box, which is very suitable for giving gifts to friends on New Year's Day, Mother's Day, Father's Day, etc. The knives are super sharp, please keep away from children when using them，After using the Store in a cabinet or knife rack."

Overall 43 inches long Damascus steel kitchen knives. Contains (10.6+9.6+9.0+8.0+7.6)Inches long custom made Damascus steel full tang Kitchen Knives set.
Comes with genuine goat Suede Leather roll bag with custom pockets sewn for each knife.
Natural bull horn scale kitchen knives. Scales are bling with 2 steel pins, A Mosaic pin and lace inserting hole for extra strength.
up to the standard of Kitchen knife, chef knife, carving knife, cleaver, slicer.
Blade is made of Damascus steel by forging the 1095 and 15N20 high and low carbon steel with hundreds of layers folded Blade has been given an excellent heat treatment to get it well hardened Hardness 56 to 58 HRC. Tips to Care Damascus knife: Damascus steel as well as 1095"

SPECIAL DESIGN - This KIRITSUKE is forged by bladesmiths, has built a special angle for cutting effortlessly; the hand-finished texture helps to prevent meat or vegetable from sticking on, and it looks like a mural that bladesmiths were forging it.
PRO MODE - This is a versatile knife that can be used to perform some of the tasks usually done by the Yanagiba, Usuba, and Gyutou knives. And it shares the same 'reverse tanto'/ 'clip point' tip, which is very useful for precise cutting.
BALANCING - Full-Tang construction and Wenge wood handle provides comfortable operation and effectively prevent from slippery, you'll feel balanced when holding it.
RUSTED? SHARP? - This cleaver is crafted with stainless steel and is made of 9CrMoV18, stay sharp, durable, and antirust. You don't need to worry about rusting, yet please don't put it in Dishwasher.
BLADESMITH - We want you to enjoy your cooking and any cutting work with our knives. You are welcome to contact us when you have any problem, we will reply ASAP and we offer 100% satisfaction and a money-back guarantee."

Handcrafted in Seki, Japan
Designed to fit Master Bladesmith Bob Kramer's exacting specifications
Fabricated from revolutionary FC61 fine carbide steel
Ice-hardened FRIODURx2 blade offer exceptional durability, cutting edge retention, and corrosion resistance
Mirror-polished blade have a distinctive etched ladder Damascus pattern designed by Kramer"

Made In Solingen, Germany
Handle Is Made Of African Blackwood, One Of The Hardest Types Of Wood In The World.
Blade Forged From One Piece Of High Carbon Stainless Steel
From The Brand: Wusthof"

SEASON CHEFS AND HOME COOKS WILL IMMEDIATELY NOTICE THE DIFFERENCE – The well weighted chef’s knife with rounded handles ( designed by one of our best Smith ) requires minimal effort whether you’re chopping, slicing, dicing or mincing. Grip the ergonomically designed handles comfortably with large or small hands and minimise wrist tension. The finest kitchens in the world consider a proper knife the ultimate multi-functional tool for beginner and pro cooks to strive.
CRAFTSMANSHIP SPIRIT SHARPENED AND READY WHEN IT ARRIVES - Best Material and Strictness on Finishing, our craftsman plays an important parts on polishing, grinding and edging. Make it to be a masterpiece.12 degree blade edge that makes slicing meat, chicken, steak, and sushi / sashimi feel like slicing butter.
DAMASCUS BLADE - This knife has Stunning pattern Damascus steel blade having sharp edges for cutting, The blade is Made By 1095/15N20 ALLOY STEELS (176 true Layers) Hand forged to Beautiful Pattern. Damascus steel of this knife has high quality contents to give an excellent edge and sharp cutting abilities. Hardness of the blade of this knife is HRC 57-60 in the lab & been hand sharpened to a Sharp Edge.
CONVENIENT TO CARRY - The butcher knife kitchen comes with an unique leather knife sheath to protect the knife blade, beautiful and more safety, and can be attached to the belt for easy carrying when using outdoor.(There may have a smell of the leather sheath, please hang in a ventilated place for some days when you receive it.)
OUR TRUST - Rock-solid 100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEED, try it risk free. See why chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Nooraki Difference'. Nooraki luxury packaging. Now you are slicing with POWER. Nooraki POWER."

Authentic French Laguiole by Jean Dubost Steak knives 100% made in France with Authenticity Certificate"

Precision Honed Stainless Steel Blade
Premium Forged High-Carbon Steel w/Molybdenum Vanadium
Ergonomic Non-Slip POM Handle
Dishwasher Safe"

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece stamped, which produces a strong blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 56-57.
The over-sized, hygienic, molded, seamless polypropylene handles provide comfort for the extreme demands of a commercial kitchen.
Handcrafted in Santa Catarina, Portugal.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

Japan Import"

7-inch cleaver for chopping through meat, bone, and vegetables
VG-10 stainless-steel blade with 33 layered Damascus detailing
Ergonomic ebony PakkaWood handle for comfort and control
Wide, gently rounded bolster; made in Japan; washing by hand recommended
Measures approximately 12 by 1 by 3-1/2 inches; limited lifetime warranty"

Why choose our Meat CleaverVery cost-effective. This is a godsend in cutting off the knuckle bone on turkey drumsticks and blade still good after chopping bones! Hammer surface for pounding meat or crushing garlic. Construction has surprisingly good, and the edge was sharp enough for a chopper out of the box that you didn't have to touch it up. it's capable of everything it says.
Premium High Carbon SteelThe Blade of Cleaver Knife is forged from excellent 5CR13MOV High Carbon Stainless Steel After many times of manual wet grinding for excellent toughness, edge retention and wear resistance. Its extremely sturdyand hard material ensure it cut through everything.
Full Tang Design & Ergonomic Pear Wood HandleThe Meat Cleaver are seamless transition from blade to handle prevent break. Pear Wood handle with triple-rivet provides excellent balance,and gives a secure and non-slip grip, waterproof and sturdy, easy cleaning.
You Need Know Since it is heavy enough, it is designed to cut bones and large pieces of meat, it is not suitable for finer work. It's heft sheds confidence in scoring and slicing and leaves it to more brutish tasks like killing an already dead chicken thigh. Also we need to remind you that the wood doesn’t match with the tang totally, it's not the shortage of design, but in order to Increase friction area for giving strong force and non-slip effect（You can choose other cleaver if you mind）
100% Satisfaction Money Back Guarantee We are professional cleaver manufacturer, very confident in the quality of the knifes, so we provide 2 months unconditional return,and 1-year warranty. Please feel free to contact us with any questions.This cleaver with a exquisite Gift Box is very suitable as a gift to parents and friends on kinds of festivals."

FULL TANG ULU Blade Cutting Edge length 5 inches approx and Handle length 4 inches approx. Amazing amazing art on the knife with ROSE WOOD handle.plz check our other amazing items too.
you can get discount on each additional item purchased after the first item .
Solid Built , Durable , Sharp and Hard Cutting Edge .
Handmade , Forged Damascus Steel (1095 / 15N20) .
Quality Finished , Perfect Grip , Balanced Knife , With Leather Sheath."

SG2 (MC63) micro-carbide powder steel
Designed to Master Bladesmith Bob Kramer's exacting specifications
Traditional 3-step hand sharpening for exceptionally high sharpness
Double-tapered blade and tang
Beautiful 101-layer Chevron Damascus design"

RUTHLESSLY SHARP BLADE: The blade is made from 67 Layers VG-10 high carbon stainless steel （HRC 60±2）with a mirror polished surface, which leads to a tough, sharp, resilient.
UNIQUE & RANDOM COLORS ：Do you want to own a unique chef kitchen knife? This Damascus chef kitchen knife with stablized wood handle, each one with its unique pattern and color.We are not sure which color you will receive, that will be a surprise.
COMFORT & DESIGN : Perfect balanced, the blade and the comfortable handle, the blade with a circular arc to protect your fingers.A professional chef knife can let your life more colorful.
GIFT: Real damascus blade with stablized wood Unique Handle, it is a good choice to be a gift for Mother, Father,chef.
NOTICE: Wash the damascus chef knife in warm water and dry off immediately afterward to maintain optimal performance for the next use. Love knife, love life."

You will find yourself using the Messermeister Four Seasons 4” Serrated Spear Point Paring Knife daily for a variety of tasks requiring accuracy. This knife has a stamped serrated edge blade that tapers to a point and is designed to be an all-purpose knife, similar to a chef's knife, except smaller. The compact blade and molded handle will facilitate trimming, peeling and slicing of produce. The saw teeth will grab smooth or waxy surfaces to aid in easy cutting.
The Messermeister Four Seasons knife collection stands up to the daily challenges and high volume of commercial kitchens. They are die-cut from a single billet of fine German stainless stamping steel alloy and outfitted with colorful, over-sized, molded hygienic handles. These knives are constructed to resist oxidation to repeated exposure to moisture, easily sharpen on a honing steel and offer an extensive selection of blades for specific food service tasks. Assembled in Santa Catarina, Portugal by competent craftsmen.
The German 1.4116 stainless carbon alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to resharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece stamped, which produces a strong blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 56-57.
The over-sized, hygienic, molded, seamless polypropylene handles provide comfort for the extreme demands of a commercial kitchen.
Handcrafted in Santa Catarina, Portugal.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

BRAND NEW 10.50 INCHES HANDMADE DAMASCUS FULL TANG CHEF BLANK BLADE
Ladder Pattern Handmade , Forged Damascus Steel (1095 / 4340)
precise pattern , quality forge"

PREMIUM MATERIAL: Constructed by Chinese GB standard Martensitic stainless-steel grade produced by adding a small amount of Molybdenum (Mo) and Vanadium (V) to 7Cr17 to improve hardness and wear resistance.
ULTRA SHARP EDGE: Each knife blade is Made of Japanese High Carbon Stainless Steel Rust and Stain Resistant Simulated Damascus Laser Pattern Design each comes with a knife Sheath.
ERGONOMIC RESIN HANDLE: Imported resin is strictly selected for the handle material. It is well designed ergonomically for efficient cutting and a non-slip and comfortable grip.
EASY TO MAINTAIN: Hand wash with warm water and a mild detergent; rinse and dry immediately. Since most dishwashers are extremely abrasive, we recommend hand washing.
EXCELLENT SERVICE: Chef's knives set comes with protective sheaths, ideal for family and friends as a gift. Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions during use."

A Butcher's dream KnifeThis cleaver by ZENG JIA DAO is extremely well made of top grade high carbon steel, honed to a perfect Japanese edge and matched perfectly to the stunning wood handle. The tang goes the full length of the knife, all the way to the butt of the handle. The thickness of the blade gives it a nice heft, well balanced, it slices through that cold steak like it was butter. The chef in your life would truly appreciate such a fine cutting tool in their kitchen.
Professional Material Productioncleaver blade is made of Premium German high-carbon steel, carefully hand-sharpened edge at 17 degrees per side for the ultimate in sharpness, hand-forged by craftsman with over 25 years of experience that can avoid rust, stains and corrosion. Vacuum heat treatment makes the blade of the knife set hard to HRC56±2, so the blade is indestructible and won't break for a long time use.
 Upgraded Vegetable CleaverThe blade edge of this cleaver is hand polished by a seasoned craftsman to reach 17° per side. 2.5mm is the thickness of this meat cleaver knife, which is very thin and ultra-sharp, and will remain this way even after tough tasks such as cutting tough meat or removing flesh from fish. A wide blade design keeps the cook's fingers away from the cutting surface.
Wengewood HandleThe wooden handle is made of wenge wood, with layers of wooden stacked together for a perfect radiance from the wood grain. The handle is dense and compact, deterring any water damages, while avoiding the splitting that is common in other wooden materials. To make it more professional and minimize any fatigue, after holding it continuously for an extended time, the Chinese knife's handle provides you a secure comfortable grip, not easy to slip, sturdy and labor-saving.
 Trustworthy ZENG JIA DAO focuses on developing high-quality kitchen knives and is dedicated to enhance your cooking experience. Our no questions asked replacement or money back guarantee protects you for life from any possible defect. ZENG JIA DAO vegetable knife is the perfect gift for Weddings, Halloween, Housewarming, Thanksgiving, Christmas."

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece stamped, which produces a strong blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 56-57.
The over-sized, hygienic, molded, seamless polypropylene handles provide comfort for the extreme demands of a commercial kitchen.
Handcrafted in Santa Catarina, Portugal.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

BRAND NEW 12.50 INCHES HANDMADE DAMASCUS FULL TANG CHEF BLANK BLADE . LADDER PATTERN DAMASCUS STEEL BLADE (1095 / 15N20) .
OVER ALL LENGTH = 12.50 Inches . WIDTH = 2.00 Inches . BLADE THICKNESS = 2.5 mm
HARDNESS OF BLADE IS 56-58 HRC
thin sharp professional knife for kitchen , sharp and hard cutting edge
Handmade , Forged Damascus Steel (1095 / 4340) ,precise pattern , quality forge"

Genuine Damascus high carbon super steel core Incredible Edge Retention at 60±2 HRC Rockwell Rust/Corrosion resistant cladding
Hand-polished spine Tapered blade for minimal slicing resistance and non-stick properties Cleans easily Nitrogen cooled for enhanced harness and flexibility
Military grade composite G10 handle for life-long durability Highly impervious to heat, cold and moisture Ergonomic handle for superior hand control, agility and comfort Non-slip grip
Razor Sharp Blade, Genuine Damascus Steel"

VG10 super steel
Authentic thin Japanese blade profile
Hand-honed using the three-step Honbazuke process to a 9.5 to 12 degree edge
CRYODUR blade, ice-hardened to Rockwell 60
65-layer flower Damascus design with katana edge
Traditional Japanese D-shaped black linen Micarta handle
Handcrafted in Seki, Japan"

Designed by Michelin-starred chef Thomas Keller. Single large rivet features Thomas Keller's initials. 7-piece set includes: 3 1/2"" paring knife, 7"" utility knife, 8"" chef's knife, 10"" bread knife, 10"" honing steel, All-metal kitchen shears, 14-slot walnut knife block- Please note: Storage block is counted as an individual piece.
Forged from Swedish Damasteel RWL34 powdered steel, an extraordinarily fine-grained, high-alloy steel known for its excellent edge strength, hardness and corrosion-resistance. Full-tang blade construction. Bolster-free design supports firm pinch grip and allows easy honing/sharpening.
Ultra-precise 6-stage heat treatment creates a Rockwell hardness rating of 61 +/-2, allowing the blade to take a remarkably sharp edge. Hand polished and hand sharpened by expert blade-smiths. 16-degree Asian-style cutting edge.
Durable white polymer handles are contoured for a comfortable and ambidextrous grip. Polished bolster promotes a comfortable chef's grip. Angled stainless-steel end cap adds beauty and balance.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel. USPTO Patented Design."

Eagles Power Series Difference - Our Superior Santoku Knife Is 7” In Length And Made Out Of The World’s High Carbon AUS-10 Japanese Super Steel Which Is Exclusively Graded In Japan, To Reveal Our Hand Polished Magnificent Eagles “Tsunami Rose” Damascus Pattern. Our Blade Will Provide You With Outstanding Cutting Experience With The Thinnest Slices.
Benefits – Full Tang Premium AUS-10 Super Steel. 67 Layers Of Stainless Steel Covering Cryogenic Tempering, Which Enables The Production Process Also Delivers A Sharper Blade Than That Of Other Commonly Used Steels.Lifelong Performance.
Superb Craftsmanship - Power Series Blade Is Made With Extreme Precision Forging. Spine Of The Blade Thoroughly Hand Polished To Give The Mirror Finish And Pinch Grip Feeling. Flawless Mirror Finish Bolster Without Swirls Or Polish Marks Is The Result Of 60 Days Period Of For Production. Spine Of The Blade Thoroughly Hand Polished To Give The Mirror Finish.
Exceptional Cutting Ability - Ergonomically Designed To Provide Comfort And Proper Fit Balanced Superior G-10 Handle For The Lifelong Durability. Gentle, Elegant Storage Box Makes This Eagles Power Series Knife An Exceptional Addition To Your Kitchen. Fully Forged To Perfection To Give You Comfort Use And Balance. You Can’t Miss On Eagles Power Series Design With Triple Metal Mosaic Rivet Handle For Precious Look.
Money Back Guarantee - Not Only Do Our Knives Come With A LIFETIME WARRANTY Against Defects (Only If Purchased From Eagles Kitchenware), But Our Money Back Guarantee Lets You Try This Amazing Knife Risk Free For 100% Satisfaction. See For Yourself Why Chefs Prefer The Eagle Power Series Knives. Now You Can Have The Same Slicing Luxury And Power As Top Chefs Right In Your Own Home. So What Are You Waiting For? Experience The Damascus Knife From The Eagle Power Series Risk Free And Experience"

PROFESSIONAL CHEF’S KNIFE - Made of German High Carbon Stainless Steel with hammer patterns on the blades, which is suitable for cutting bread, vegetables, fillets or meats. This sharp knife is also suitable for home and professional use. Cutting like a master chef will bring you more joy in the kitchen
QUALITY RAW MATERIAL AND SHARP BLADES - Made of German High Carbon Stainless Steel is forged from one solid piece of steel, Processes the steel in a specific way to make sure it has a high hardness of 52°Rockwell. It makes the knife has extremely sharpness, rust-resistance, long-lasting edge, and excellent toughness. The blade is painstakingly hand sharpened to the optimum cutting degree, maintaining the perfect balance between ultra-thin slicing and maximum resilience for smooth cutting
NATURAL WOOD ERGONOMIC HANDLES - The handle is made from brown walnut wood, feels very comfortable in hand and is great for both left and right-handed users. and the three rivets fit seamlessly in the handles. It makes pleasant to work with and also ensures good hygiene. Ergonomic handle provides a strong grip to perform delicate work and helps reduce hand fatigue. Makes it more professional and minimize any fatigue, finger numbness or aches after holding it continuously for an extended time.
BEAUTIFULLY PACKAGED AND GREAT Service - the knife is backed by superior quality assurance and can be purchased with confidence. The knife comes within a nice gift box, and it can be a gift for parents, wives, husbands, friends and family. Perfect gift for wedding, birthday, housewarming, thanksgiving, Halloween. Please inform us if you have any questions about our products, which is convenient to us providing better services for you.
EASY CARE - To maintain the stunning colour of the wood, and to not affect the sharpness of the blade, we recommend cleaning this knife by hand. Dry it after cleaning it to prevent discolourations or tears and to make sure the wood doesn't bend."

ALL-IN-ONE COMPLETE SET - Professional Damascus Knives set includes 8”Chef Knife, 7” Santoku Knife, 3.5”Paring Knife.
QUALITY DESIGN - Knives are crafted with japanese VG10 steel core 67 layers superior damascus steel blades for precision and accuracy. HRC 60-62 hardness for exceptional sharpness, edge retention. Curved design handle provides comfort and support.
DURABLE & EASY TO CLEAN - The integrated design of the blade and the shank is not easy to break, safe and durable. It ensures long lasting performance and easy to clean. You can save a lot of time on cleaning.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE - High-Carbon Stainless Steel Blades Durable Bolsters Ergonomically designed stainless steel handles Ergonomic handle shape of paring knife is engineered for superior control, agility and comfort, hand polished, achieving highly impervious to heat, cold, moisture.
LIFETIME WARRANTY - Every knife set is backed by superior quality and under strict quality inspection. Our aim is 100% satisfied customers. Return it anytime and get a full refund when you are not happy with our knife set."

Light, well-balanced and incredibly sharp
45 Layer VG10 Damascus Steel
Hand hammered and finished blade
Magnolia handle"

SG2 (MC63) micro-carbide powder steel
Designed to Master Bladesmith Bob Kramer's exacting specifications
Traditional 3-step hand sharpening for exceptionally high sharpness
Double-tapered blade and tang
Beautiful 101-layer Chevron Damascus design"

[8-inch chef knife]:Chef Knife V-shaped sharp edges may enhance the sharpness of the cutter, cutting more effort. This razor sharp chef is suitable for chopping, slicing, dicing and dicing any fruits, fish, meat, sushi and vegetables.
[High-quality materials]: The blade body adopts stainless steel imported from Germany and special heat treatment technology to make the cutter tougher, more resistant to corrosion and wear, and better maintain sharpness.
[Log handle] Log handle, streamlined design fits the palm, inlaid with 3 rivets, hand-polished, excellent grip, no slippage, no freezing hands, easy to operate. With excellent grip and perfect balance, excellent control, agility and comfort.
[Various occasions]: This master kitchen knife is suitable for dinner, barbecue party, family party and daily use. It is very suitable for dinner knife, fruit knife, tableware knife, kitchen knife.This chef's knife is essential for professional and amateur chefs. Suitable as a gift for parents and friends on festivals such as Mother's Day, Father's Day, Thanksgiving, Black Friday, Christmas, New Year, Easter, Halloween, Birthday, etc.
[100% support] We are committed to improving your cooking experience. Our aim: 100% satisfied customers. If you are not satisfied with our knife, you can apply for a refund within 30 days and get a full refund."

BRAND NEW 10.50 INCHES HANDMADE DAMASCUS FULL TANG CHEF BLANK BLADE . Ladder PATTERN DAMASCUS STEEL BLADE (1095 /4340) .
OVER ALL LENGTH = 10.50 Inches .BLADE LENGTH 6 INCHES . HANDLE LENGTH 4.5 INCHES , WIDTH = 2.00 Inches . BLADE THICKNESS = 2.5 mm .
HARDNESS OF BLADE IS 56-58 HRC
thin sharp professional knife for kitchen , sharp and hard cutting edge
Handmade , Forged Damascus Steel (1095 / 4340) ,precise pattern , quality forge"

Set includes: 8-Inch Chef, 8-Inch Bread, 6-Inch Boning, 5-Inch Utility, 3.5-Inch Paring Knives, and Stainless Glass Block
Beautiful Damascus styling clad stainless steel that protects core while maintaining a sharp 15-degree edge
Razor sharp with Rockwell Hardness of 62
Premium ergonomic G10 handle for durability and stability. The shape offers superior hand control and comfort.
Wash by hand and dry with a clean towel after use, Limited Lifetime Warranty"

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, Swedish Sandvik 14C28N Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. 2016 Red Dot Award Winner, A Design Award Winner, 2018 German Design Award Winner. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. Holds an edge up to 5 times longer than German Steel. Hand sharpened to a 16-degree angle per side. HRC 59 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
Set Includes: (8) 5"" straight edge bladed steak knives, and Solid Maple block. The handle is 5 Inches long and the blade is 5 inches long. The hardness scale rating is HRC 59 +/- 2.
Cangshan's special straight fine edges with precisely tapered blade from base to tip. Steak knife set makes for an impressive presentation of grilled meats, slicing effortlessly through everything from tender filet mignon to the thickest chops.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

Powerful knife blade The 7 inch extra large butcher knife adopts high-quality stainless steel, not easy to rust. Larger blade provides more power and can handle heavy tasks in the kitchen and restaurant. It’s sturdy, nimble and sharp, easy to get the job done. The hole in the blade can let your index finger pass through and hold it tight, thus it’s more effort-saving
Full tang wood handle The full tang pakka wood handle is firmly bolstered with 3 rivets, allowing you to use for years to come. Ergonomically design provides a comfortable grip and agile control. There is a hanging hole at the end of the handle for easy hanging on the shelf
Practical Accessories Come with leather sheath + mini knife + mini whetstone. The PU leather sheath blade is double-stitch, stylish, thick and safe, which can protect the knife and is convenient to carry for outdoor use. The cute mini knife is perfect for cutting ropes and boxes, and will even protect you when you are in danger. The whetstone will help you resharpen the blade and quickly restore the sharpness
Non-stick blade Hammer style pattern blade surface can reduce the contact between the blade and food. Adopting stonewash process, the blade surface is tough, wear-resistant, yet not obvious even there are scratches
Multipurpose knife The cleavers knife is suitable for professional applications which include filleting, m slicing, dicing, cubing, mincing, chopping large vegetables, thick meat, cartilage, fish, fruit, etc. Suitable for outdoor, camping, survival, hunting, self-defense and kitchen use"

Over all length 7"", Blade length 3"", Blade Thickness 3/32"" (.09"")
9Cr18MoV Stainless Steel, Satin Finish, Heat Treated Ready for You to Finish, Very Sharp Hollow Grind
3 - 3/16"" (.188"") diameter pin holes (we suggest using our medium corby bolts), Handle Size 4"" x 3/4""
Made in China
Chef Maker(tm) Pantry Style"

The knives are made of high-quality German stainless steel and have the functions of anti-rust, anti-corrosion and anti-tarnishing. The sharp blade is easy to maintain, cutting and shredding becomes a breeze.
High-carbon stainless steel blade: The professional 8-inch chef's knife is made of high-quality stainless steel. In order to enhance its robustness, the steel contains 0.6%-0.75% carbon, making it twice as hard as other knives in the same category, with only 0.3% carbon.
Ergonomic Wooden Handle: The handle is made from high quality hard wood, which is comfortable, strength, stability and well balanced while holding. The weight and the size of this chef knife feels quite balanced and you won’t feel finger numbness because of it’s ergonomic handle.
Exquisite gift box: This professional chef's knife with exquisite gift box is very suitable for Mother's Day, Father's Day, Thanksgiving Day, Black Friday, Christmas, New Year, Easter and other festivals as gifts for parents and friends , Halloween, birthday, etc.
Elegant gift box included：Black matte box. Go! Always 100% Satisfaction Guaranteed!"

Handcrafted in Solingen, Germany
One-piece, fully forged
Hand-polished ""Elite"" edge
Bolsterless edge and polished spine"

Blade consists of 133 layers of steel, resulting in a floral damascus pattern
MC66 MicroCarbide steel is hardened to 66 HRC
D-shaped handle made from stunning black ash
Sharpened using a traditional, three step Honbazuke method
Hand crafted in Seki, Japan"

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece, hot-drop hammer forged, which produces the strongest blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 57-58.
The three-step, 15 degree “Elite” edge is hand stropped on a cloth wheel, creating the sharpest possible cutting surface on an edged tool.
The bolsterless heel simplifies all cutting, sharpening & honing tasks, making use of the entire blade from heel to tip.
Handcrafted in the historic cutlery capital of Solingen, Germany.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, German X50CrMoV15 Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains its strength and function.
Well balanced 5"" handle and 5"" blade with HRC 58 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale. Set of 4 Steak knives.
Boasting Cangshan's serrated edge with precisely tapered blade from base to tip. These steak knives make for an impressive presentation of grilled meats, slicing effortlessly through everything from tender filet mignon to the thickest chops.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

brand new 13 inches long handmade damascus steel chopper cleaver knife useful for chopping and cutting ..
8 inhces longn rain drop pattern, Forged Damascus Steel (1095 / 4340)
5 inches long rosewood handle
CHOPPER CLEAVER KITCHEN Chef Professional precise pattern , quality forge
with leather sheath of high qulaity cow skin"

VG10 super steel
Authentic thin Japanese blade profile
Hand-honed using the three-step Honbazuke process to a 9.5 to 12 degree edge
CRYODUR blade, ice-hardened to Rockwell 60
65-layer flower Damascus design with katana edge"

MEASUREMENT Total Length 10 Inches - Blade Length 6 Inches- Handle Length 4 Inches - Color Handle - With Amazing Hand Work on The Cleaver Top Quality Balanced Cleaver Knife.
Our all items are 100% handmade and authentic damascus steel 100% , transportation is almost through DHL or UPS - If you have any questions about our item, please contact us.
Better quality of the sharp edge of the blade guaranteed , perfect grip , quality finishes , hard edge and cutting, the cutting edge to keep after the rough and tough use , great work of art for a perfect poison knife as well as fully functional.
Quality material used 1095 / 15N20 alloy steels (352 true layers). hardness of the blade of this knife is HRC 58-60.
Hands of durable high quality leather sheath included cowhide."

This cleaver has a 7 inches long ice tempered blade, which provides impressive sharpness and incredible edge retention.
The knife's blade is true forged and full-tanged, making it exceptionally durable and easy to maintain.
Amazingly convenient triple riveted handle makes the cleaver extremely balanced, easy to use and decreases pressure on the wrist.
Every single part of the knife is made of high-quality material making it resistant to wearout, physical damage, acids and food pigments.
The hanging hole is a small, but important feature. It makes storaging your cleavers easier and saves a lot of space in your kitchen."

BRAND NEW 12.50 INCHES HANDMADE DAMASCUS FULL TANG CHEF BLANK BLADE . BRASS BOLSTER . FIRE STORM PATTERN . DAMASCUS STEEL BLADE (1095 / 4340 ) .
OVER ALL LENGTH = 12.50 Inches . HANDLE LENGTH = 04.50 . BLADE LENGTH = 08.00 Inches . BLADE THICKNESS = 2.5 mm .
HARDNESS OF BLADE IS 56-58 HRC
Full tang sharp cutting edge thin blade perfect grip professional chef knife
Handmade , Forged Damascus Steel (1095 / 4340) ,precise pattern , quality forge"


This premium starter knife set includes two key pieces of cutlery that no kitchen should be without - featuring Shun's proprietary high-carbon VG-MAX cutting core, surrounded on each side by 32 layers of beautiful, layered Damascus steel cladding
A D-shaped ebony black PakkaWood handle encases the full composite tang blade, reducing unwanted rotation and improving grip for right and left handed chefs alike
The western chef knife features hollow-ground steel that helps release food after chopping; the utility knife is ideal for small tasks from mincing to shaving and garnishing
Handcrafted in Japan; ground and honed to a razor sharp 16-degree edge out of the box. Balanced immediately forward of the bolster like most Shun knives for superior handling
Santoku, nakiri, boning, slicing, or steak - Shun blades positively glide through food, letting the edge do the work"

The 10 PCS kitchen knife boxed set includes 8"" Chef Knife, 8"" Slicer Knife, 5"" Utility Knife, 8"" Bread Knife, 7.5"" Cleaver Knife, 7"" Santoku Knife, 5"" Santoku Knife, 7"" Cleaver Knife, 6"" Boning Knife, and 3.5"" Paring Knife. The curve of the blade is gentle aides in easy precise cutting. Great for mincing, slicing, and dicing fruit, meat, fish, and vegetables in the kitchen because of excellent performance
The chef's knifives set is made of 5cr15mov stainless steel which comes with 54+ Rockwell Hardness, makes each knife has extremely anti-corrosion, rust-resistance, long-lasting edge, and excellent toughness. The knife blade is painstakingly hand sharpened to 13-15° per side, maintaining the perfect balance between ultra-thin slicing and maximum resilience for smooth cutting through
LIUZHANGYU kitchen knives set has a unique outlook compared with the other normal knives set. Its design combines a western chef knife and a Japanese knife. The waved laser-etched pattern and original wooden texture make the knife shiny and stylish. It can make simple cooking become a creation of beauty
Sharpness is the key! Razor-sharp and laser-tested blade effortlessly chop, minces, slices, and dices. The knife surface is finely polished, rustproof, corrosion-resistant, and easy to clean. Knives have a strong durable bolster for perfect stability and control. Even if you use it for a long time, you won't feel tired and uncomfortable. It makes sure you enjoy your cooking time!
Easy to Maintain: Hand wash with warm water and a mild detergent; rinse and dry immediately. Since most dishwashers are extremely abrasive, we recommend hand washing.LIUZHANGYU chefs knives set comes with protective sheaths, ideal for family and friends as a gift."

 COOK LIKE A PRO - Every chef needs a trusty knife. Our handmade Damascus knife is balanced yet sharp and built to last. Prepping meat, fish, chicken, and vegetables has never been easier!
 BEAUTIFULLY CRAFTED BLADE - Our 67-layer knife is made with premium Damascus steel wrapped around a superior VG10 core. It has the right thickness that doesn’t sacrifice any of its cutting power.
 EXCELLENT WEIGHT & GRIP - Handling our Damascus chef knife is easy, thanks to its ideal weight, dimensions, and full tang grip. It feels like an extension of your arm, making it comfortable to use.
 ENDURING SHARPNESS - We hand sharpened the blade and made sure that the sharpness lasts. You’ll be finding this Damascus kitchen knife handy for long before you ever need to sharpen it again!
 SATISFACTION GUARANTEED - If by any chance this Damascus steel knife isn't up to your expectations, let us know and we’ll handle it. We’ll facilitate your refund or replacement immediately."

Made from Kyocera very own proprietary zirconia material produced in Japan for exceptional quality and beauty
Ultra-sharp, pure advanced ceramic blades that will maintain their edge up to 10x L=longer than steel blades
Lightweight and easy to clean, the ceramic blades will not brown nor transfer any metallic taste to food
The easy-to-clean universal storage block is compact and durable.
Universal block dimensions are 8.8”H x 4.3”D"

High Quality Kitchen Knife SetAmong many kitchen knife sets, the Dfito is the perfect one. The knives block and knives handle made of exquisite and high-quality Dark brown pakkawood will be the most beautiful ornament in your kitchen.
Multi-Purpose Chef Knife set15-piece stainless steel knives set for kitchen includes: 8""Chef knife, 8""Bread knife, 7"" Santoku knife, 6""Boning Knife, 5"" Utility knife, 3.5""Paring knife, 6pcs 4.5"" Steak knives, kitchen shears, 7"" knife sharpener and a knife block. Meet all your kitchen needs.
Super Sharp Knife Blade and Extreme Comfort Knife HandleEvery blade is precision forged from high-carbon stainless steel for superb rust and corrosion protection,for resisting stains and corrosion, which could stay sharp longer. The ergonomic handle provides you with a comfortable handheld experience.
Easy Care & StorageKnife block part is made of durable pakkawood, All knives are stored safely in the knife block for space-efficient storage, knife seat is easier to insert and remove, easy to store and maintain and maintain the sharpness of the blade.
TRUSTWORTHYWe promise to cover our knife sets for life. If knives set is defective, we will provide free exchange or return for life. This knife sets for kitchen with block would be a good choice as a gift for Thanksgiving, Christmas, Father’s＆Mother’s Day, Wedding, Birthday, etc."

A new take on our purpose-made Shima steak knives, with real Japanese tagayasan ""iron sword wood"" wenge handle grips that impart unique style to any chef's table.
Handmade, high-carbon AUS8A stainless steel blade offers long-lasting quality and edge retention, resisting corrosion and discoloring.
Professional grade and inspired by Tokyo's famous Shima steakhouse restaurant; with regular honing, they'll outperform traditional serrated steak knives for life.
Handcrafted in Japan; ground and honed to a razor sharp 16-degree edge out of the box. Balanced slightly forward of the bolster for increased precision in typical serving and dining situations.
Santoku, nakiri, boning, slicing, or steak - Shun blades positively glide through food, letting the edge do the work."

Kasumi 7-inch Japanese vegetable knife is designed for cutting vegetables quickly
Damascus pattern is eye catching and rust free
The edge is beveled on both sides, but the bevel is much larger than the bevel on a European or American brand and creates a sharper edge
The asymmetrical handle is made from multiple layers of wood impregnated with a plastic resin and is riveted to the full tang
Kasumi knives are produced by Sumikama Cutlery in Seki, Japan"

1：Vegetable Meat Cleaver Knife, Visually Stunning stripes, Satisfying Heft, non-sticking design, locking the food juice, return to the original taste of food. Confident to showing your love of family, of life.Premier Meat Cleaver, an ideal Gift for any Home or Professional Kitchen Cook.
2：Multipurpose -- This professional meat cleaver meets all the chef's requirements for the knife. It can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks, such as chopping vegetables, slicing meat ,removing bones of turkey and fish. It’s definitely your practical assistant no matter when you are indoor or outdoor.
3：good hold feeling and non-slip effect. The Chinese meat knife is Perfect for Cutting, Chopping, Slicing, De Boning, Cleaving Meats, Light Bone, Vegetable, and coconut.
4：MULTIPURPOSE: Whether you are a household cook or master chef, the stainless steel chef knife will provide the finest cut to thicker meats and also chop and slice vegetables easily and precisely. The chef blade can also be used for mincing.
5：Lifetime warranty100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE. Try our chinese vegetable cleaver without risk, it's best gift for Christmas, Weddings, Birthdays, Fathers Day, Mothers Day, for Home Cooks, Professional Chefs, Culinary Students and more."

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, Swedish Sandvik 14C28N Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. 2016 Red Dot Design Award Winner, A Design Award Gold, 2018 German Design Award Winner. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. Holds an edge up to 5 times longer than German Steel. Hand sharpened to a 16-degree angle per side. HRC 59 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
Set Includes: 8"" chef's knife, 3.5"" paring knife. Crafted from robust Walnut wood the knife block features two slots, securely housing a Chef’s and Paring knife combo.
This knife block set fits perfectly in smaller, modern kitchens while offering all the foundational knife functions needed by today’s home chef’s.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

Handmade , Forged Damascus Steel (1095 / 4340)
precise pattern , quality forge
BLANK BLADE"

12 1/2"" Overall Length, 7"" Blade Length
5Cr15MoV Stainless Steel
Made in China
Hole and slot size is: .187""
4.5"" x 1.25"" handle material area"

BLADE MATERIAL - Made with 67 layers damascus steel, VG-10 cutting core, HRC 60-62 hardness for exceptional sharpness, edge retention. Elegant hammered blade with stylish and functional design, can eliminate friction and keep food from sticking to the blade.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE - Ergonomic handle shape is engineered for superior control, agility and comfort, hand polished, achieving highly impervious to heat, cold, moisture.
SUPERIOR SHARPNESS - Seek design creates unmatched control and minimal slicing resistance. No tearing or squishing, only ruthless efficiency. Features HRC( Rockwell Hardness Scale) of 60-62 and a sharp edge which ensures maximum cutting performance and durability.
MULTI-FUNCTIONAL - The professional 8 inch chef knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks of chopping, slicing, mincing and dicing of fruit, vegetables and meat, be a multipurpose knife for professional applications. (DO NOT chop thick and hard bones like lamb or beef).
LIFETIME WARRANTY - Lifetime warranty against manufacturing defects. 100% satisfaction or full money back. Our team will help you deal with your problem or get rid of the confusion with 24 hours. This is exactly the kitchen companion you need, buy with confidence."

 CARBON FIBER SERIES - Brooklyn Knife Company has a reputation for high end custom knife manufacturing. Utilizing our extensive knowledge and experience we crafted a knife ready to tackle any culinary adventure you throw at it. Cut, mince and chop away with ease. We design and test our knives at our headquarters in Brooklyn, NY and in Japan to ensure complete satisfaction. Through your purchase you are joining us on our journey of culinary adventures and helping us give back to worthy charities
 EXQUISITE CRAFTSMANSHIP - Crafted of Japanese AUS-08 High Carbon Stainless Steel, our Carbon Fiber Edition offers all around peak performance. AUS-08 is known for keeping a sharp, durable edge and contains anti-corrosion properties. The Carbon Fibers on our ergonomic handle offers high tensile strength, low weight and thermal expansion, not to mention a stunning appearance. The full tang handle offers superior strength, comfort and the durability to withstand even the toughest of kitchens.
 PROTOTYPE DESIGN - We start with a vision and utilize prototypes to ensure our knives are breathtaking and highly versatile. Proper ergonomics ensures a comfortable grip while the precise angle and razor sharp blade feels like an extension of your hand. Rockwell hardness of 59 ensures your blade will stand up to your challenges. The striking appearance of our Carbon Fiber series will stand-out and be the pride of your kitchen.
 GIFT PRESENTATION - We designed an elegant gift box with magnetic closure to compliment the beauty of our knives. Arriving in style, our knives will delight even the toughest of critics and is impressive enough for a Queen. You will discover that we included a custom Sheath to protect the knife’s sharp edge and a cleaning cloth to keep your knife looking polished. Much like Brooklyn, NY and the iconic Brooklyn Bridge our knives are crafted to withstand the test of time.
 100% LIFETIME WARRANTY. JOIN US TODAY - Rest assured, we have you covered. Worry-Free Lifetime warranty against manufacturing defects. Please contact us with any issue or concern and we will make it right. Great present for Birthdays, Wedding, Anniversary, Mothers Day, Fathers Day, Christmas, Chefs, House Warming and so much more. Cuchillo de cocina para la preparación de comidas cortar dados picado picada profesional."

All Our Items Are 100% Handmade And 100% Original Damascus Steel - If you have any type of question about our item please contact us
sharp edge blade best quality guaranteed - perfect grip - quality finish , hard and cutting edge , retains sharp edge after rough and tough use
Quality Material Used 1095/15N20 ALLOY STEELS (512 true Layers). Hardness of the blade of this knife is HRC 58-60.
great piece of art for a perfect gift knife as well as fully functional"

Solid Built . Full Tang Durable Hard Cutting Edge. Professional Cleaver Useful For Chopping And Cutting
Handmade , Forged Damascus Steel (1095 / 4340)
Precise Twist Pattern, High Quality Forged
Kitchen,Chef Knife offered by Master Blade For Kitchen, Camping And Hunting
TO PROTECT YOUR DAMASCUS KITCHEN KNIFES SET, BE SURE TO CLEAN WITH A CLOTH And APPLY VEGETABLE OIL AFTER EACH USE. DON'T LET IT WET FOR LONG TIME. STORE IT OILED ALL THE TIME."

DITCH THE SERRATED, TRY SMOOTH: We at SiliSlick were tired of our meat / food fibers getting torn and ravished by serrated blades, so we thought, why not use a plain edge blade? We never went back.
FOOD GRADE STAINLESS STEEL: All SiliSlick colored knives are made of superior quality stainless steel for long-lasting durability. Each blade is finely sharpened and plated with non-stick treated titanium which creates a colorful iridescent effect that lights up the kitchen!
PRECISION SHARPNESS & NON-STICK: Smoothly chop and cut meat, fish, fruits, veggies, herbs, hard cheese or anything on the planet. This iridescent knife set isn't just about good looks, but clean cuts too.
➕PROTECTIVE SAFETY SHEATH: Each knife comes with a safety guard to protect fingers and blade when not in use. Hard-wearing, rust proof and indestructible, these cutting knives come shipped in a recyclable box worthy of a gift.
MODERN ERGONOMIC DESIGN: Made to hold their edge well with ergonomic comfort grip handles. For home and professional kitchen use, these straight edge knives will meet all your cutting needs!"

 MULTIFUNCTIONAL KNIFE:Patented design knives that focuses on ergonomics handle that easy and comfortable grip.Suitable for cutting, dicing, slicing, chopping and also removing flesh off bones. Cutting like a master chef will add to your kitchen experience.
PROFESSIONAL KNIFE SET: Includes 8"" chef's, 8"" bread,8""Carving,7"" santoku,7""Nakiri,6"" Filleting, 5"" utility,3.5"" paring. *Whether you're a master cook or a newbie, our cooking tools will help you Cook Faster, Easier & Cleaner, and have a great time doing it!
SHARP BLADE :Stainless steel blade with high-carbon - The professional 8 inch chef's knife is made from high-quality stainless steel. And to boost its sturdiness, the steel contains 0.6%-0.75% carbon, making it two times as hard as other knives in its class as they contain just 0.3% carbon.HRC56+ on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
ERGONOMIC RESIN HANDLE: The blade of this meat cleaver knife is integrated with the soft and comfortable handle, creating the perfect grip; The ergonomics shape enables the right balance between the handle and the thin blade, ensuring ease of movement.
BEAUTIFUL PATTERN: The special waved pattern blade is particularly and strikingly (5Cr15 Move stainless steel kitchen knives, not real Damascus). YOUR INVESTMENT IS FULLY GUARANTEED. We Offer Lifetime Warranty and Return Policy."

The steel is a single piece of specially alloyed Chrome-Vanadium-Moly cutlery steel.
Each knife is hand forged and continues through more than thirty separate steps in the production process before completion.
The finaly polished grips are made from a robust, long-lasting plastic called Hostaform.
Ice hardened stainless steel, hand sharpened and dishwasher safe.
Made in Solingen, Germany"

Kurouchi translates as “Black-Forged” and this unique style of forging offers a characteristic look and an unpolished rustic aesthetic finish to the blade. With a HRC of 62-63, the core of Blue Steel #2 is prized for its high edge retention and provides an extremely sharp edge that is able to maintain its sharpness over extended period of time. The Kurouchi Stainless Cladding allows the blade to be more forgiving to moisture while still having superior edge retention and sharpness intact.
Our Yoshihiro Kurouchi Stainless Clad Knives are clad in 2 layers of full Kurouchi stainless steel that provides durability and protection without sacrificing its sharp cutting edge. Traditional Kurouchi knives will always be made out of highly reactive carbon steel but this knife is exceptional in that the Kurouchi finish is on the Stainless Cladding which is a new development in modern metallurgy and is highly rare and difficult to forge.
The most versatile and one of the most popular knives that a cook can have today is a Japanese all purpose chefs knife known as a Santoku knife. Preparing delicious meals starts with taking wholesome ingredients and using the best tools such as a high quality chefs knife to make every meal into something special.
Proudly made in Japan and not mass produced. This knife is complimented with a traditional Japanese Wa-style handcrafted Octagonal Handle that is lightweight and ergonomically welds to the hand for seamless use. An optional and recommended protective wooden sheath called a Saya can be purchased together, which protects the knife and adds to its appearance when not in use. Every knife from Yoshihiro is handcrafted by master artisans creating a unique one-of-a-kind work of art.
Traditional Japanese knife making values a sharp edge, which requires attention and care. Sharpening and honing should be done with only water whetstones. Hand wash and dry only, and do so immediately if working with acidic ingredients. Do not use on objects such as bones, nutshells, and frozen foods. Carbon steel can oxidize if not properly maintained. Keep dry and oil regularly to prevent oxidation along the knife's edge."

Professional 8 Inch Chef knife.Almighty knife in kitchen,Almighty knife in kitchen,suitable for cutting shred and slice of fruit, meat and fish.
Effortless cuttingAs easy as cutting butter.Hammer finish design,prevent adhesion effectively,maintain the appearance and flavor of food.Lock in food juices to keep food fresh.
SIZE :14.6*3.15” thickness:2.5mm
67 layers VG-10 DAMASCUS STEEL:The chef knife is made of 67 Layers Superior VG-10 Damascus Steel.60 ± 2 HRC Cutting Core with ultra high hardness and malleability.Forging to form a unique pattern on the blade.
Comfortable Ergonomic Ebony Handle:Long time use won’t feel tired.Ebony handle is premium wood,have durable,preservative,non-slip function."

A WISE PURCHASE - Cut meats or slice fruits with our 6-piece rose gold knife set. It includes a chef knife, bread knife, carving knife, utility knife, paring knife, and 360° rotating block.
SLEEK & MODERN - Our cooking knife set is a beautiful combination of rose gold and black. Each cutlery is sprayed with non-stick paint and has an embossed surface for a unique and stylish effect.
CONVENIENT TO USE - This rose knife set comes with a knife block that has a smooth 360-degree rotation. It gives you easy access to your knives from any angle and protects them when not in use.
LONG SERVICE LIFE - Made of high carbon stainless steel, our kitchen knife set provides exceptional durability. The blades are ice-hardened, retain a sharp edge, and stand strong against rust.
REINVENTING ROSE GOLD - Rose gold is a classy, luxurious color, which is why we specialize in rose gold kitchen accessories. If you are looking for an item that stands out, we are your go-to brand."

Excellent Material- OZULER chef knife is made of 67-layer Damascus high-carbon alloy steel with ultra sharp cutting core VG10, the hardness is up to 60±2HRC. With 10CR material level, damascus knives get better sharpness, superior edge retention, stain and rust resistance than high-carbon stainless steel knives. You can imagine cutting meat and fish like cutting butter.
Super Sharp- Sharpness is key to achieving the best cuts and this kitchen knife has ultra-sharp edges and perfect arc. 2.1mm ultra-thin super sharp blade with V-shaped meticulous cutting edge, allows for added stability, easy honing, ensure maximum cutting performance and durability. Long lasting sharpness increased efficiency when cutting and chopping, give you ultimate cutting experience.
Comfortable Grip- The knives handles are made of pure resin, which provide secure and comfortable grip feel. Gorgeous appearance comes from laminated and carefully hand polished craftsmanship. And the ergonomical design helps minimize tension at the wrist, provides great flexibility to adjust your cutting angle. Even if you use it for a long time, you will not feel tired and uncomfortable. Suitable for cooking lovers.
Multi-purpose KnifeThis 8 inch Professional chef's knife designed to perform well at many differing kitchen tasks， It can be used for your daily kitchen tasks of chopping, slicing, dicing and mincing of all kinds of meat, vegetables, fruits and bread. It's the top choice of both home chefs and professionals alike.
Perfect Gift Idea- This knife has its special natural pattern and comes with exquisite high-end black gift box packaging. It is a precious and practical gift for your families and friends. Perfect gift idea for Mother's Day, Father's Day, Thanksgiving Day, Christmas day, New Year, Easter Day, Halloween, birthday, etc."

Handle: Ergonomically PAKKA handle. Comfortable and relaxing feel when you use it for a long time.
Balance: The right balanced weight between the handle and the thin blade, ensuring ease of movement.
Package: Comes in a high-quality black gift box, making it to be a perfect gift.
Service: provide the best smile 7*24 after-sales email service. All VENZELL products are under our life time service."

[Handmade Japanese Knife] Steak knife made of AUS8 Aichi stainless steel; high carbon and vanadium sharpens the blade to a razor-sharp edge for optimal performance with every use. No spring assistance with safety lock; ensure that the blade of the paring knife remains securely open during use.
[Universal Folding Pocket Knife] 3.5-inch multipurpose pocket knife is especially good at slicing, dicing, mincing and skinning; sharp blade glides through steak like butter, leaving the delicious juices in the meat. The small fruit knife is perfect for cutting, outdoor camping and kitchen cooking and is easy to store (in your pocket or purse).
[Ebony Wood Knife Handle] The paring knife handle has the advantages of heat preservation, moisture resistance, oil resistance and anti-slip, which can help you get a good grip and anti-slip effect, providing you with a more comfortable using experience. And the blade is securely fixed by the liner locking mechanism. The liner locking mechanism ensures finger safety when using the blade.
[Best Choice For Exquisite Gift] Multifunctional special folding knife allows you to enjoy cooking and assist you to accomplish multiple tasks in the kitchen, outdoor camping. Professional gift box packaging is the perfect gift for family and friends (Christmas, wedding, birthday, Father's Day, Mother's Day), home cooks, professional chefs, etc.
[Product Commitment] ミツモトサカリ products have been strictly audited and certified. Unconditional replacement or refund policy for defects, risk-free trial. If you have any questions, please contact us, we will give you a satisfactory answer."

[Premium VG-10 Damascus Butcher Knife] Made of superior VG-10 Japanese High Carbon Stainless Steel(HRC 60±2), Yi meat cleaver Forged with Vacuum heat treatment and nitrogen cooling technique, ensures exceptional rustproof, stain resistant and wear-resistant, and the ultra sharp blade is easy to clean and care.
[High Balanced - Ergonomic Handle] Crafted with delicate blue resin & wood handle - full tang structure, Yi Japanese chef knife handle adopts precise forged for durability, comfortable grip - well balanced, and you will not feel fatigue after holding the japanese knife continuously for an extended time.
[Multifunctional butcher knife for meat cutting] 7 Inch chopping knife can handle daily work easily at home kitchen & restaurant, like cutting, slicing, carving, chopping for vegetables, meats, fishes and more, but not bones. Yi chinese chef knife is ideal for cooking beginners, professional chefs and ordinary families.
[Premium Forged Real Damascus Chef Knife] Each of butcher knife has very clear and unique lines. Hand-polished by craftsmen with decades of experience, the knives got a delicate hammer texture. 16° double-bevel razor sharp damascus steel blade for swift and easy precision work, suitable for right and left hand.
[360 Day After-sales Service] Each Damascus kitchen knife will be send together with exquisite gift boxes, and the quality control staff inspects carefully before shipment to ensure you get the best! To give you a pleasant shopping experience is our goal. Any questions or demands, please feel free to contact us."

DURABLE CLAMP STEEL -  This kitchen knife adopts a three-layer clamp steel process. The core steel is made of selected 9Cr18Mov steel with HRC58±2 high hardness, sharper and more wear-resistant than normal vegetable knives. The outer two layers are 430 stainless steel, which is a kind of soft steel used to protect the high-hardness core steel. So, the overall performance of the steel has been improved. Sharp and not easy to chip. Wear-resistant, anti-rust.
PREMIUM FORGED KNIFE -  First, forged chef knife has higher density, so the blade is balanced in force, durable and not easy to chip.  Second, the forged cleaver knife has a thick spine but a thin edge after many times of water grinding and sharpening, which is called V-shaped edge. This knife features 12° V-shaped cutting edge, ultra-sharp.  Third, unique forged non-stick pattern, stunning and easy to clean. The hammered dimples can reduce adsorption and minimize food sticking on blade.
ERGONOMIC WOOD HANDLE -  Nature wood handle which features comfortable hand grip, waterproof, durable and sturdy, shiny natural color for easy cleaning and prevent color from changing.  Integrated Stable Design - Seamless connection between blade and handle makes the knife durable and sturdy, not failing off by quality and functional testing.
 WHAT IT CAN BE USED FOR - The sharp edge can be used to slice and chop meat, vegetable, fruit and BBQ. But it can’t be used to cleave ANY bones because of the high hardness edge which supplies a ultra-sharp edge.
BLADESMITH -  We want you to enjoy your cooking and any cutting work with our chef knives. You are welcome to contact us when you have any problem, we will reply ASAP and we offer 100% satisfaction and money back guarantee."

Multi-Functional Cleaver Knife7 inch full tang cleaver knife is extremely sharp, which is made of high-quality German stainless steel, so that it is suitable for cutting meat, fish, vegetable, fruits or any other your favourite foods but bones. You can finish your daily kitchen cutting work effectively and be always in your element by using it.
Premium HC 40Cr14Mov Stainless SteelThe blade of Vegetable cleaver knife is made of 40Cr14Mov Stainless Steel which has extremely rust prevention and provides a high level of corrosion-resistant and wear resistant. Passing through vacuum heated treatment and cooling treatment, the hardness of this knife can be up to 52±HRC. So our Chinese Chef knife shows its long-lasting performance, you don't have to worry about honing it often after using for a long time.
Peak Performance Sharp BladeOur cutting edge is honed to reach 15°per side which is much sharper than the blades that are typically ground to 20-22°. The result is our cleaver knife that’s extremely sharp, durable and stain resistant. So our meat cleaver knife can help you to do the cutting work easily.
Ergonomic Rosewood Handle Meat cleaver knife with ergonomic Pakkawood handle provides non-slip and comfortable grip, enhancing the handhelds touch to make our knife easy to hold, so you will not feel tired for using a long time . And the Rosewood handle has excellent anti-corrosive performance and it is durable and easy to clean.
100% Satisfaction WarrantyWe guarantee lifetime free replacement. So you don’t have to wonder if you are risking your money. Please feel free to contact us with any questions. With the luxury packing it is also the wise choice as a gift for culinary students, home cooks, professional chefs and more."

Multi-functional KnifeMultipurpose Fruit Knife designed for chopping, mincing, slicing, and dicing, it comes with a HRC (Rockwell Hardness Scale) of 62+ and a sharp edge which ensures maximum cutting performance and durability, it will effectively chop off whatever you desire in your kitchen with its powerful blade with the minimum effort. This Damascus chef's knife can be used to cut meat but also to cut vegetables, ribs, etc.
Japanese Damascus VG-10 Sharp High Carbon SteelUltra sharp VG-10 Japanese super steel cutting core at 62+ Rockwell hardness for extraordinary performance and incredible edge retention is painstakingly sandwiched between 67 layers of premium high-carbon stainless steel, ensuring exceptional strength, durability and stain resistance. Perfectly balanced, the precisely tapered blade minimizes surface resistance for buttery smooth cut through and enhanced non-stick properties.
Premium Comfortable Ergonomic HandleThe handle material is made from high quality material handle, it is near impervious to heat, cold and moisture. Ergonomic Handle will bring you a superior hand control, agility and comfort. Never fatigue because of prolonged use caused to the palm or wrist. It is a perfect chef knife for people who frequently use for cooking or who like the kitchen.
Exquisite Gift Box This Kitchen Knife with a exquisite Gift Box and Black sheath to protect the knife blade, beautiful and more safety. The cooking knife is very suitable as a gift to parents and friends on kinds of festivals, such as Mother's Day, Father's Day、Thanksgiving Day、Black Friday、Christmas day、New Year、Easter Day、Halloween、birthday, etc.
Life Time ServiceStriving for 100% satisfaction with every customers is our eternal pursuit. LIFETIME SERVICE against defects. Try it free risk. Due to the Paring fruit knife has higher carbon content, please pay attention to clean the knife, and acidic or alkaline substances cannot stay on the blade for a long period. Such knife shall be wiped dry after cleaning. Some cooking oil may be applied on it if it is not used for a long time. And it shall be placed at a dry place for storage."

Each Ceramic Knife Set Contains one of each: 7” Chef Knife, 6” Bread Knife, 5” Utility Knife, 4” Vegetable Knife, 3” Paring Knife, Plus custom sheaths for each knife
Following Dr. Mercola’s belief in providing the best quality products, these knives stay sharper longer than traditional knives
Dr. Mercola's Ceramic Knives are made from ultra hard zirconium oxide or zirconia, when properly cared for, they stay sharper longer than traditional metal knives.
All Dr. Mercola products are backed by a full 90-day money back guarantee. If for any reason you are not satisfied with your purchase, simply return it to us for your money back - no questions asked."

Kasumi 3-inch Japanese paring knife is ideal for peeling and paring ingredients
Damascus pattern is eye catching and rust free
The edge is beveled on both sides, but the bevel is much larger than the bevel on a European or American brand and creates a sharper edge
The asymmetrical handle is made from multiple layers of wood impregnated with a plastic resin and is riveted to the full tang
Kasumi knives are produced by Sumikama Cutlery in Seki, Japan"

Designed by Michelin-starred chef Thomas Keller and crafted by award-winning cutlery maker Cangshan. Single large rivet features Thomas Keller's initials. This boning knife's flexible blade is perfectly suited for closely cutting meat around bones and joints.
Forged from Swedish Damasteel RWL34 powdered steel, an extraordinarily fine-grained, high-alloy steel known for its excellent edge strength, hardness and corrosion-resistance. Full-tang blade construction. Bolster-free design supports firm pinch grip and allows easy honing/sharpening.
Ultra-precise 6-stage heat treatment creates a Rockwell hardness rating of 61 +/-2, allowing the blade to take a remarkably sharp edge. Hand polished and hand sharpened by expert bladesmiths. 16-degree Asian-style cutting edge.
Packaged in attractive walnut storage box featuring Chef Keller's signature laser engraved onto the box for a elegant touch. Magnetic storage box boasts unique hinge-less design.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel. USPTO Patented Design."

 SUPER SHARP CHEFS KNIFE: The blade is sharp, so it works easily and cuts through to any fruits and vegetables perfectly. You can also use this Japanese knife for cutting meat such as chicken, pork, or delicate butter, & cheese. A must-have kitchen essential for chopping and cutting.
 HIGH QUALITY & HIGH CARBON STAINLESS STEEL: You don’t need to worry cleaning this fruit and vegetable knife, as it will not chip in after multiple wash. It contains high carbon content stainless steel that gives the blade additional sharpness that is a great kitchen buddy.
 COMFORTABLE TO USE: A chopping knife with ergonomic handle that fits comfortably in the hand and cut smoothly. Lightweight yet sturdy and well balanced that is easy to hold that allows easy maneuver. Measures 5 inches that is portable for everyday use.
 IDEAL GIFT: Packed and presented beautifully that makes this chopping cleaver knife an ideal gift for family and friends that are professional and aspiring chefs and cooks on their birthday, housewarming, or other special occasions.
 Great Value for Your Money: If you are not satisfied for any reason, simply return the item for a full refund, no questions asked. 100% 90 DAY MONEY BACK GUARANTEE!"

SG2 micro-carbide powder steel. Authentic thin Japanese blade profile.
Hand-honed using the three-step Honbazuke process to a 9.5 to 12 degree edge. CRYODUR blade, ice-hardened to Rockwell 63.
101-layer flower Damascus design with katana edge. Traditional Japanese Karelian (Masur) Birch handle.
Rounded spine and heel. Hand wash only.
Handcrafted in Seki, Japan"

You will find yourself using this Oliva Elité 6” Utility Knife for all of your go-to tasks in the kitchen. With a fine edge, this traditional style utility knife is one of the most frequently used knives in the kitchen. A favorite for prep, peeling and slicing and fruits and vegetables as well as slicing meats and cheeses.
The Oliva Elité knife collection by Messermeister boasts an exquisite natural, Italian Olive Wood handle attached to a hammer forged blade. The highly figured, beautiful golden-brown handle provides a secure ergonomic grip with an unsurpassed balance. The Elite’ knife collections feature a blade, bolster and tang are one-piece, hot-drop hammer forged from a single billet of the finest German steel alloy. Oliva Elité; knives are handcrafted one at a time, using the same techniques that have been the hallmark of fine German made cutlery for hundreds of years. Oliva Elité knives are of heirloom quality and simply one of the best original forged wood handled knives.
Handcrafted in the historic cutlery capital of Solingen, Germany.
The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece, hot-drop hammer forged, which produces the strongest blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 57-58.
The three-step, 15 degree “Elite” edge is hand stropped on a cloth wheel, creating the sharpest possible cutting surface on an edged tool.
The bolsterless heel simplifies all cutting, sharpening & honing tasks, making use of the entire blade from heel to tip.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

Handmade Carbon Steel Serbian Cleaver Chopper Chef Kitchen Knife , useful for chopping cutting
Hardness 55-57 HRC . Durable full tang hard and sharp cutting edge ,
Perfect Grip and Balance
Comes with high quality leather sheath"

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, Swedish Sandvik 14C28N Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. 2016 Red Dot Award Winner, A Design Award Winner, 2018 German Design Award Winner. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. Holds an edge up to 5 times longer than German Steel. Hand sharpened to a 16-degree angle per side. HRC 59 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
Well balanced 5"" handle and 2.75"" blade with HRC 59 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale. Includes carbonized solid Ashwood half open magnetic sheath to ensure your blade will be protected.
This peeling knife is shaped like a bird's beak making easy work of peeling and trimming small fruits and vegetables with a rounded surface. It's also ideal for turning vegetables and for making decorative garnish cuts, such as rosettes or fluting. Strong magnets are embedded into the edge of the sheath to hold onto the spine of the knife. A innovative and stylish way to protect your blades and fingers.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

 INCLUDES: 4 pcs Chef Knives Set 1pc 7 inches Cleaver Knife 1pc 8 inches Chef Knife  1pc 7 inches Santoku Knife 1pc Acacia Wooden Block
 QUALITY HANDLE: Highly impervious to heat, cold and moisture  Ergonomic handle for superior hand control, agility and comfort  Non-slip grip  High Quality Pakka Wood Handle
 German Steel Ulta Sharp
 Lifetime Warranty
 Ideal for Professional Chef and Home Kitchen."

Solid Built ..12.5 inches long full tang durable hard cutting edge ..sharp professional cleaver useful for chopping and cutting ..
7.5 inches long 440C blade . 5 inches RoseWood Handle
Serbian VEGETABLE CHOPPER CLEAVER KITCHEN Chef Professional
with leather sheath of high qulaity cow skin"

High-quality materials: This chef's knife is made of high-quality high-carbon steel, comparable to the hardness of a saber-level HRC, sharp and durable, perfect cutting, anti-corrosion and rust-proof, the handle is made of precious core material chicken wing wood and brass nail reinforcement, the texture is natural and beautiful , Routine maintenance after use,long-term use
Hand forging: The combination of traditional hand forging technology and modern steel technology, hand edging, the blade is sharper, perfect and easy to cut, sturdy and durable, the blade and handle are integrated forged, no joints will not crack, will not break the handle, and more Complex manual forging process, cast into a practical knife
Portable sheath: each knife is equipped with an exquisite leather protective cover, which can safely store and protect your knife after use. It can be tied to your waist or other places during outdoor activities, which is convenient for you to use and carry. It is outdoor The best companion for activities
Multifunctional knife: This chef's knife can easily handle kitchen tasks, including slicing, dicing, and chopping vegetables, fruits, fish and various meats. It is also very suitable for outdoor, camping, expedition, and hunting. It has a wide range of Applicability, it is a beautiful collection knife, ideal for holiday gifts
100% Satisfaction Guarantee: We have been committed to providing customers with satisfactory service, your satisfaction is our primary goal, if you have any questions, please contact us in time, fast delivery and money-back guarantee"

This refurbished product is tested and certified to look and work like new. The refurbishing process includes functionality testing, basic cleaning, inspection, and repackaging. The product ships with all relevant accessories, and may arrive in a generic box"

Material: blade / Damascus steel, handle / laminated wood strengthening, cap / stainless steel
Country of origin: Japan
Blade length: 225mm"


MADE WITH TOP GRADE JAPANESE 3-Layer forged Steel, VG-10 cutting core, HRC 60-62 hardness for exceptional sharpness, edge retention, and durability while being easy to sharpen
Blade size (length x width x thickness): 8 inches x 1.7 inches x 2.5 millimeters; net weight 0.43 pound
Full tang design with sealed-tight, waterproof, and durable brown color Pakkawood handle for a non-slip and comfortable grip
Long-lasting, sharp edge for slicing, dicing, and mincing meat, fruit, and vegetables (DO NOT chop bones)
Crafted in ISO 9001 certified Taiwan factory with steel imported from Japan; limited lifetime warranty against defects"

BLADE: stainless steel aisi 420, ultra sharp serrated cutting edge.
HANDLE: colored un-deformable polypropilene - elegant, pleasant & ergonomic.
Easy, Quick, Effortless cutting & slicing.
Cutting any food - Ideal for cutting Steaks, Meat & Pizza.
Durable for years."

Handmade Damascus Steel chef Knife
Solid Wood Handle with Damascus Steel Bolsters
Beautiful Pattern on Blade.
Blade Length = 07.00 Inches, Handle Length = 05.00 inches"

High Quality Materials: This 10"" serrated bread knife is manufactured with high quality German stainless steel, The super-strong material effectively prevents passivation and rusting and better ensures sharpness.
Incredible Sharpness: The superior serrated design makes it sharper and the cutting power is surprisingly further enhanced. Easily cuts through the toughest bread, cakes, etc. to provide a smooth, clean cut.
Ergonomic & Well-Balanced: The handle of the bread knife is ergonomically designed with attention to detail and carefully designed to greatly improve grip comfort in practice, making it a breeze for the user to slice bread while reducing fatigue and finger pain from long slicing sessions.
Gift of Choice: Our bread knife comes with a beautiful gift box, so it is not only a practical kitchen knife, but also a beautiful gift. Budget friendly, this is the perfect gift for all the bakers in your life!
Excellent After-Sales Service: Our aim is to guarantee 100% customer satisfaction, so we offer a lifetime warranty and 24-hour hassle-free customer service for this bread knife. If you have any questions, please contact us and the product can be replaced or returned for free for any defects!"

BRAND NEW 10.25 INCHES HANDMADE DAMASCUS FULL TANG FILLET BLANK BLADE . FIRE STORM PATTERN, DAMASCUS STEEL BLADE (1095 / 15N20) .
OVER ALL LENGTH = 10.25 Inches .BLADE LENGTH 05.50 INCHES , HANDLE LENGTH IS 4.75 INCHES . BLADE THICKNESS = 2.5 mm .
HARDNESS OF BLADE IS 56-58 HRC
Hard and solid cutting edge , perfect girp . thin blade . razor sharp edge
Handmade , Forged Damascus Steel (1095 / 4340) ,precise pattern , quality forge"

Full length: 245mm, blade length:131mm, shank length: 114mm, blade width: 5mm
Material: high carbon steel , hardness:58 HRC,gross weight: 345 g (including leather case)
Multifunction: daily vegetable、 meat processing, deboning of lamb 、steak
Handle wood: Sour wood"

Columbia cutlery 9"" offset bread knife.
9"" Blade Length, 2"" Blade Width at Base, 1"" Towards Tip 5"", Red Fibrox Handle
Great for Cutting Sandwiches
Dishwasher Safe
100% Guaranteed"

Over all length 11"", Blade length 6"", Blade Thickness 3/32"" (.09"")
3each 3/16"" (.187"") diameter handle pin holes (we suggest using our medium corby bolts), Handle Size 4 3/4"" x 1""
9Cr18MoV Stainless Steel, Very Sharp Flat Ground, Heat Treated Read for You to Finish, Satin Finish
Made in China
Chef Maker(tm) Pantry Style"

The Kasumi 7-inch Santoku knife is used for slicing, dicing, and mincing vegetables, fruit, and meat
Made from 33 layers of stainless steel; middle layer of V-Gold No. 10 stainless steel acts as the cutting edge
Blade's edge beveled on both sides for a sharper edge; Damascus pattern is eye catching and rust free
Asymmetrical handle made from multiple layers of wood impregnated with plastic resin and riveted to full tang
As with all high-quality cutlery, hand washing is best for care"

Forged construction features 67 steel-and-iron layers for unparalleled strength, beauty, and cutting performance
Full-tang stone-finished blades extend the entire handle length for beautiful balance
Stainless steel half bolsters enable a completely sharpened edge and larger cutting surface, radius-polished spine provides strength and solidity
Beautiful acacia-finished knife storage block provides convenient, safe and stylish storage
Double-riveted handles with stainless steel end caps provide secure, comfortable grip; set includes Angolan(r) Lifetime Warranty"

MASTER CRAFTSMANSHIP - Handcrafted in Sakai Japan, where more than 90% of Japanese professional chef knives are produced. It is produced one at a time manually by highly skilled master artisans. It outperforms industrially mass produced products from every aspect. The master craftsmanship shines through in every single product. The unparalleled performances make you feel standing at the pinnacle of cooking! Sheath is sold separately.
RAZOR SHARPNESS - Ready to use out of the box with ruthless sharpness. The core is Takefu VG-10 high carbon stainless steel (HRC 60-62) produced in Fukui Japan. Combined with 46 layer clad Damascus construction, it gives exceptional sharpness, edge retention, durability, and ease of sharpening at the same time. You can easily feel your upgraded technique level just by using a Syosaku Knife. Hand wash only and regularly sharpen on quality whetstones.
VERSATILITY - Ideal for everyday chef handling daily kitchen tasks, whether professional or nonprofessional. You can cut, dice, slice, mince and chop with one knife. You can cut meats, fish, vegetables, fruits, and more. You can use it as a sushi knife, too. It’s double-edged, so doesn’t matter if you are right handed or left handed. To avoid a chip in a blade, don’t chop hard stuff like bones, nutshells, and frozen foods. Do not use on granite countertops.
DURABILITY AND EASE OF USE - Both the VG-10 core and outer damascus steel are stain & corrosion resistant. The material used for the handle is taken from center core of Magnolia wood, which is water-resistant and non-slip. You don’t have to worry when it is left wet during use (recommended to wash and dry after the use). The ergonomically designed Octagonal handle and perfectly balanced construction make you comfortable even for a long time use.
AESTHETICS AND 100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEE - An exquisite outer steel not only eliminates friction and keeps food from sticking, but also the beauty makes your cooking more enjoyable. The Japanese style Magnolia handle with a beautiful Water Buffalo Horn bolster (color can vary) adds more visual accents. Impress your guests with the stunning beauty. It’s a perfect gift for your loved one, too. If you don't love our Syosaku Knife, please return within 30 days of purchase for a full refund."

Ergonomic & riveted handles
Should be hand washed in warm soapy water
Built To Last."

Forged and hammered with 16 layers of steel in the Damascus tradition with a VG-10 Core, the VG-10 Hammered Damascus Series has been a perennial best seller, combining performance, beauty, and extraordinary value.
A complete set of all the essential culinary knives you need in any kitchen.The Gyuto is a versatile chef knife & comes in 2 sizes. The Petty is a small utility knife used for smaller delicate tasks. The Sujihiki is a slicing knife used from slicing fish fillets to carving roasts. The Santoku is a multipurpose knife that's shorter and has a flatter profile than the Gyuto. The Nakiri is a versatile vegetable knife that's used to chop through root vegetables or thinly slice delicate garnishes.
Preparing delicious meals starts with taking wholesome ingredients and using the best tools such as a high quality chef’s knife to make every meal into something special. From dicing, slicing, and chopping fresh produce from a farmer’s market to carving a roast chicken straight from the oven, even the simplest tasks are elevated with a handcrafted knife that is as beautiful as it is functional.
Proudly made in Japan. These knives are complimented with a premium Western Style Handle that extends to the full tang of the knife and ergonomically welds to the hand for seamless use. The hammered texture of the blade eliminates friction and keeps food from sticking to the blade. Every knife from Yoshihiro is handcrafted by master artisans creating a unique one-of-a-kind work of art.
Traditional Japanese knife making values a sharp edge, which requires attention and care. Sharpening and honing should be done with only water whetstones. Hand wash and dry only, and do so immediately if working with acidic ingredients. Do not use on objects such as bones, nutshells, and frozen foods."

MULTI-PURPOSE 6 INCH EXTRA SHARP NAKIRI KNIFE - A traditional vegetable knife for cooks. It is called Nakiri (Nagiri: Double bevel blade of Usuba knife) chef knife in Japan and the best kitchen knife for vegetables slicer such as leaves and root veggie by chopping motion. Because the kitchen knife itself has a moderate weight, it can make shredded vegetables with minimal force.
DAMASCUS 69 LAYERED HIGH-GRADE ZA-18 STEEL & IDEAL WEIGHT HANDLE - Uses high-grade Stain-Resistant Damascus Steel (ZA18 Steel). Superior sharpness and long durability are achieved by using ZA-18 stainless steel, which is comparable to the highest grade VG-10 and VG-MAX steel. A beautiful & rust-resistant Damascus blade is easier to maintain than carbon steel knives. The moderately weighted wooden handle is easy to apply force to cutting objects.
AUTHENTIC HIGH GRADE JAPANESE QUALITY PERFECT FOR BOTH YOURSELF AND GIFTS - Made in Tokyo, Japan. MASAMOTO official English instruction is included. MASAMOTO has manufactured high-quality Japanese kitchen knives for more than 150 years. The blade with excellent sharpness has a sharp bite into the ingredients and the hard to clog. The well-straightened cutting edge is ideal for chop cutting.
BOLSTER COVERED AND DOUBLE EDGE BLADE - For lifetime use, the bolster part perfectly covers the handle and prevents water from entering the handle. The cutting edge is the double bevel. Right-handed or left-handed can be used, but the edge is sharpened for right-handed at a ratio of 70: 30, so if you are a left-handed person, sharpening the back of the blade with a whetstone will make it easier to use.
PRODUCT INFORMATION - Made in Japan / Blade length: 6.3 inches (160 mm) / Weight: 6.5 oz / Blade material: Damascus Stainless Steel (ZA18 Clad Metal) / Handle material: Mahogany Pakkawood / Hardness Rockwell C scale (HRC): 60-61"

PROFESSIONAL CHEF'S KNIFEThis chef’s knife is suitable for cutting bread, vegetables, fillets or meats. This sharp knife is also suitable for home and professional use. Cutting like a master chef will bring you more joy in the kitchen!
EXQUISITE WAVY PATTERN Laser etched wavy pattern in our kiritsuke knife gives off a mystique from its own elegant pattern, toughness, and durability. Please imagine that your kitchen knives have more aesthetic appeal as well as sharpness and durability. The included black storage case beautifully show our kirisuke chef knife upon opening, which is sure to get an additional value for excellent gift, collection and cooking before people.
ERGONOMICAL PAKKAWOOD HANDLE The handle of this chef knife is made of bright-colored pakkawood handle, not only creating the perfect comfortable grip, but creating more arts of cutting. The ergonomic shape enables the right balance between the handle and the thin blade, ensuring ease of movement.
PREMIUM MATERIAL Crafted out of premium High Carbon German Stainless steel, this 8.5 inch chef knife is precisely tempered and hardened with High-Tech vacuum heat treatment to reach a Rockwell Hardness of 56±2. KITORY experienced craftsman hand sharpened each edge with 12 degrees per side to ensure each blade’s sharpness, is great for vegetables, fruits, fish, and meats. The thickness of this kitchen knife is 3 mm, which is ideal to do the job, and do the job well.
GIFTED & EXCELLENT SERVICEThe chef knife comes in a high-quality black gift box, making it the perfect gift for a mother, father, grandparent or friend in Christmas, Thanksgiving Day, Weddings, Birthdays. We KITORY guarantee lifetime free replacement. So you don’t have to wonder if you are risking your money. Please feel free to contact us with any questions."

Hand crafted knives Forged from 67 Layers of special formula Cangshan X-7 Damascus Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. 2017 Red Dot Design Award Winner, IDEA Award Finalist, 2018 German Design Award Winner. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. Hand sharpened to a 16-degree angle per side.
Well balanced 5.5"" handle and 7"" blade with HRC 60 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale. Includes a fitted dark Walnut wood magnetic Saya style sheath to protect the knife blade. Handcrafted by skilled bladesmiths, each precisely balanced knife pairs exceptional performance with timeless design.
This Santoku knife can be used for mincing, slicing, chopping vegetables, slicing meat, and disjointing large cuts. Works well for heavy kitchen use. Strong magnets are embedded into the edge of the Saya sheath to hold onto the spine of the knife. A innovative and stylish way to protect your blades and fingers.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

All-round knife set: This 17-piece knife set includes 9-inch bread knife, 8-inch chef's knife, 7-inch Santoku knife, 7-inch boning knife, 7-inch cleaver knife, 6.5-inch Nakiri Knife, 4-inch paring knife, 5-inch steak knife, 8-inch sharpener, scissors and wooden block. The knife set is complete and diverse, which can meet your daily kitchen cutting needs. It is an ideal choice for home kitchens and professional chefs.
 Razor sharp edges: The blades of the 17-piece kitchen knife set are made of high-quality German 1.4116 stainless steel, which has better sharpness and durability. The blade is repeatedly polished to 12-14 degrees by hand and machine. The unique edging technology maintains the sharpness of the edge and helps to achieve fine cutting. With extraordinary cutting performance and edge retention, you can greatly increase the efficiency of slicing and help you complete your work perfectly.
Ultra-durable blades: Each knife in this set of knives is made by professional craftsmen, with a stylish and elegant appearance, which is an indispensable scenery in your kitchen. The blade is made of German high-carbon stainless steel, which has stronger stability, wear resistance and corrosion resistance. It has excellent edge retention and the blade will not break after prolonged use.
 Ergonomic Pakkawood handle: The handle of this knife set has a moderate weight and a moderate size, providing you with a comfortable grip. The handle is made of unique Pakkawood, which reduces the friction between the hand and the handle and helps you achieve more precise cutting. The tool holder is also made of Pakkawood material, which can better help you maintain the tool.
The best choice for gifting: the knife holder of the knife holder can help the knife better storage. It will be an ideal choice for your family or friends on the anniversary, Mother's Day, Christmas, Thanksgiving and parties. It will become the first choice for home and professional chefs. Tuo provides high-quality after-sales service to provide life-long guarantee for your use."

FRIODUR ice-hardened blade for exceptional durability of the cutting edge and corrosion resistance
Ergonomic plastic handle: for fatigue-free and safe working with the knife
Blade length: 4.72 inch"

Includes: 8” Chef knife, 7” Santoku knife,8” Bread knife, 3.5” Paring knife, Kitchen shears, Sharpening steel, Acacia knife block
Sharpness That Lasts: Made with high grade chromium German steel to make fine cuts and stay sharp
Perfect Balance:Fully forged construction means the blade is one piece of steel through the handle providing balance
Ergonomic Grip:Handle shape sits comfortably in hands with material that provides superior grip even when wet
Guaranteed for Life: Free Returns"

Presented in a sophisticated gift box, these three AUS10 high-carbon stainless steel knives - 8 inch Chef's, 6 inch Utility, and 3.5 inch Paring - will perform virtually any kitchen cutting task
A Kanso series knife is distinguished by its Japanese tagayasan ""iron sword wood"" wenge handle, noted for its strength, beautiful grain, and incredible durability
Made with a visible full tang - the single-piece construction of the blade makes for a distinctive combination of strength, balance, and style
Handcrafted in Japan and delivered with a honed, razor sharp 16-degree steel blade; added vanadium holds the stronger, sharper edge preferred by professional chefs
Santoku, nakiri, boning, slicing, or steak - Shun blades positively glide through food, letting the edge do the work"

ALL-IN-ONE COMPLETE SET - Professional Damascus Knives set includes 8”Chef Knife, 8”Slicing Knife, 8”Bread Knife, 7” Santoku Knife, 5.5”Utility Knife, 3.5”Paring Knife, Kitchen Shears, Knife Sharpener to stay sharp and natural wooden Block. (UPDATED VERSION on 1/1/2021 which all the knives perfectly fit into 8 Slots Knife Block)
QUALITY DESIGN - Knives are crafted with VG10 steel core 67 layers superior damascus steel blades for precision and accuracy. HRC 60 ± 2 hardness for exceptional sharpness, edge retention. Curved design handle provides comfort and support.
DURABLE & EASY TO CLEAN - The integrated design of the blade and the shank is not easy to break, safe and durable. It ensures long lasting performance and easy to clean. You can save a lot of time on cleaning.
EASY TO CARE & STORAGE - Wooden block part is made of durable natural fraxinus mandschurica, and the knife slots is easier to insert and remove, safe and sanitary. Use more assured!
LIFETIME WARRANTY - Every knife set is backed by superior quality and under strict quality inspection. Our aim is 100% satisfied customers. Return it anytime and get a full refund when you are not happy with our knife set."

Small crest knife packet (about 22.5 x 4.5 x 1.7 cm, blade passing 10.3 cm)
Petty knife with holes (about 23.7 x 3.5 x 1.7 cm, blade length 11.8 cm)
Santoku kitchen knife with a hole (about 30 × 5 × 2.3 cm, blade length 16.7 cm)
Vegetable cutting kitchen knife (about 31.2 × 5.5 × 2.3 cm, blade length 16.7 cm)
Sashimi kitchen knife (about 33.2 × 3.7 × 1.9 cm, blade length 20.3 cm)"

Item &Num; : 18231
Model &Num; : 965sc‐ 6P
Superior blade shape for easier slicing
Unique edge geometry for long lasting, easily restored performance
Individually ground and honed to the ultimate edge"

Kai personal steak knife is a folding steak knife based on the Original Japanese folding knife
The blade is made with Japanese 420U2 stainless steel for durability and edge retention
Features a razor-sharp 16-degree cutting edge to ensure a clean cut every time
Razor sharp blades glides through steak like butter, keeping flavorful juices inside the meat, not on your plate
Folds neatly into a leather sheath for compact storage; perfect for pockets or purses"

 CARBON FIBER SERIES - Brooklyn Knife Company has a reputation for high end custom knife manufacturing. Utilizing our extensive knowledge and experience we crafted a knife ready to tackle any culinary adventure you throw at it. Cut, mince and chop away with ease. We design and test our knives at our headquarters in Brooklyn, NY and in Japan to ensure complete satisfaction. Through your purchase you are joining us on our journey of culinary adventures and helping us give back to worthy charities
 EXQUISITE CRAFTSMANSHIP - Crafted of Japanese AUS-08 High Carbon Stainless Steel, our Carbon Fiber Edition offers all around peak performance. AUS-08 is known for keeping a sharp, durable edge and contains anti-corrosion properties. The Carbon Fibers on our ergonomic handle offers high tensile strength, low weight and thermal expansion, not to mention a stunning appearance. The full tang handle offers superior strength, comfort and the durability to withstand even the toughest of kitchens.
 PROTOTYPE DESIGN - We start with a vision and utilize prototypes to ensure our knives are breathtaking and highly versatile. Proper ergonomics ensures a comfortable grip while the precise angle and razor sharp blade feels like an extension of your hand. Rockwell hardness of 59 ensures your blade will stand up to your challenges. The striking appearance of our Carbon Fiber series will stand-out and be the pride of your kitchen.
 GIFT PRESENTATION - We designed an elegant gift box with magnetic closure to compliment the beauty of our knives. Arriving in style, our knives will delight even the toughest of critics and is impressive enough for a Queen. You will discover that we included a custom Sheath to protect the knife’s sharp edge and a cleaning cloth to keep your knife looking polished. Much like Brooklyn, NY and the iconic Brooklyn Bridge our knives are crafted to withstand the test of time.
 100% LIFETIME WARRANTY. JOIN US TODAY - Rest assured, we have you covered. Worry-Free Lifetime warranty against manufacturing defects. Please contact us with any issue or concern and we will make it right. Great present for Birthdays, Wedding, Anniversary, Mothers Day, Fathers Day, Christmas, Chefs, House Warming and so much more. Cuchillo de cocina para la preparación de comidas cortar dados picado picada profesional."

Sg2 micro-carbide powder steel
Authentic thin Japanese blade profile
Hand-honed using the three-step Honbazuke process for a 9.5 to 12 degree edge"

Sharp, High Quality MaterialThis 8"" chef knife is not only beautiful and sharp, it's very high quality. Knives with VG-I0 damascus steel can easily slice through a piece of paper. The knife are made as a single piece, so there won't be any hazards with the blade separating from the handle.
Beautiful Knife The blade and the resin handle is beautifully crafted. Elegant design on the hand leIt has a slight blue shine that contrast really well with the wood color. Lovely and unique addition to your knife collection.
Sharp PerformanceYou can cut beef and potatoes or tomatoes first, the damascus knife will tell you how sharp it is, slicing veggies super thin with no problems, no more stabbing tomatoes so that you can slice them into a squish pile.
Easy to Hold The Blue Knives feels really nice in the hand, well balanced, with a bit of weight to it but not too heavy, women can hold it comfortable.
Wonderful Customer Service100% Satisfaction or Money Back Service. Fukep is committed to providing customers with quality kitchen knives and friendly service."

Brand New Laguiole 6-Piece Steak Knife Set Stainless Steel Knife Set in Wood Claps Storage Box This beautifully crafted six-piece stainless steel knife set offers an impressive display when hosting a dinner. The durable triple-riveted handles are weighted for easy control and leverage. Sharp non-serrated edges on the 9"" knives make easy work of thick steaks. The famous Laguiole bee is etched on each handle in honor of the centuries-old tradition of craftsmanship made famous by Laguiole knife makers. Includes wooden case.
As per tradition, the Laguiole bee is etched on each utensil handle as a sign of fine craftsmanship"

Ultra Sharp Paring Knife: This All-Purpose paring Knife with super sharp edge and perfect curvature(8-12°per side) meets all the chef's requirements for the knife. Each Paring knife is carefully machined and forged by multiple processes to achieve the best balance of hardness, toughness and sharpness, providing unparalleled performance. This paring knife is perfect for everything from garnishing, mincing, or peeling, to slicing or dicing, especially cutting through fruit and vegetables.
Japanese AUS-10V Damascus Steel: Made of Japanese Super Damascus AUS-10V 67-layer Steel of softer stainless steel, keeping a high level of rust-resistance, wear-resistance and long-lasting performance while providing a maximum sharpness. Vacuum heat treatment and nitrogen cooling technique are implemented so the Knife Blade is very sharp that can last a long time. Damascus AUS-10 blade can reach a maximum of 62+ Rockwell Hardness.
Comfortable Durable G10 Handle: The ultra-premium G10 handle is designed for superior control, agility and comfort, has gone through special treatment, making it extremely impervious to heat, moisture, cold with military grade strength and life-long sturdiness. Full tang runs the entire length of the handle for superior balance and hand-polished blade spine for smooth handling. With three mosaics handle, the stability of the handle allows the user full manipulation of the blade.
Masterfully Elegant Rose Pattern: This refinement Damascus pattern not only its beauty looking, it also offers elegance and high-performance. Exquisite hammered tsuchime finish reduces drag and minimizes stuck on food, it will reduce the friction due to reduced surface area. Its stunning rose pattern surface can also make your cooking moment to be the most enjoyable time in life.
Exquisite Gift Box & Perfect Gift: Our Japanese Damascus Paring Knife is not only sharp, but the decoration is also world class with an exquisite gift box. It is a wonderful gift for Home Cooks, Professional Chefs, Culinary Students and collection (Christmas, Weddings, Birthdays, Mother’ s Day, Father’ s Day). Try it risk free! We guarantee a superior product that will give you a lifetime of exemplary service."

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece, hot-drop hammer forged, which produces the strongest blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 57-58.
The three-step, 15 degree “Elite” edge is hand stropped on a cloth wheel, creating the sharpest possible cutting surface on an edged tool.
The bolsterless heel simplifies all cutting, sharpening & honing tasks, making use of the entire blade from heel to tip.
Handcrafted in the historic cutlery capital of Solingen, Germany.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece, hot-drop hammer forged, which produces the strongest blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 57-58.
The three-step, 15 degree “Elite” edge is hand stropped on a cloth wheel, creating the sharpest possible cutting surface on an edged tool.
The bolsterless heel simplifies all cutting, sharpening & honing tasks, making use of the entire blade from heel to tip.
Handcrafted in the historic cutlery capital of Solingen, Germany.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, Swedish Sandvik 14C28N Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. 2018 Red Dot Award Winner, German Design Award Winner and Housewares design finalist. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. Holds an edge up to 5 times longer than German Steel.
Well balanced 4.75"" handle and 5"" blade with HRC 59 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale. Set of 4 Steak knives.
Boasting Cangshan's serrated edge with precisely tapered blade from base to tip. These steak knives make for an impressive presentation of grilled meats, slicing effortlessly through everything from tender filet mignon to the thickest chops.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

The blade has been tapered to allow for a thinner and more precise cutting edge.
Engineered and tested to meet Rockwell 53 specification guaranteeing a blades hardness and optimum performance.
Backed by Cuisine::pro's lifetime guarantee.
Cuisine::pro Damashiro knives have been crafted from the finest Japanese Steel 420J2 and ice hardened ensuring for blade strength and durability. The Damashiro range features a distinctive Damascus inspired tradition and traditional Japanese handle design favoured by Japanese craftsman samurai makers."

KNIFE FEATURES - The professional Utility knife with olive wood handle has a knife length of 10-inch and a blade length of 5.5-inch.
RAZOR KNIFE SHARP - Thanks to AUS10 Damascus steel, a blade hardness of 60 HRC is achieved. The professional kitchen knife is & remains extra sharp.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE - Best balanced Damascus knife for meat, fish, fruit, vegetables and fine cuts. With ergonomically shaped wooden olive handle for fatigue-free work in the kitchen.
PERFECT AS A GIFT - The Damascus professional knife is a visual highlight and not only the perfect gift idea for the barbecue season, also a special gift for all knife lovers!
WITH Elegant GIFT BOX - Thanks to the beautiful packaging, the knife can be given away directly and is a great joy for every ambitious cook!"

One-piece, fully stamped with a 15 degree precision edge and a closed bolster collar.
Satin finish blade composed of high carbon, molybdenum vanadium steel.
Carbonized treated bamboo handle.
58 rockwell hardness.
Made in Seki, Japan."

 CARVED TEXTURE - Forging technology is used to engrave the 3D pattern on the blade to achieve a delicate appearance. The 3D pattern reduces the contact surface between the food and the blade, which can prevent the food from sticking to the knife and provide maximum cutting efficiency.
 HIGH-QUALITY STEEL - Featuring special-forged German stainless steel with a precise vacuum heat-treatment, nitrogen cryogenic tempering, achieving high corrosion resistance and edge retention. It will not destroy the flavor of the food, allowing you to taste the delicious steak.
 STRAIGHT & SHARP EDGE - Each edge of the blade is manually polished many times to achieve a high degree hardness of 56+HRC and sharpness. The straight edge provide the stunning cutting ability, in addition to slicing your steak, it can also help you slice through other foods to make them fit for eating.
 DESIGNED FOR COMFORT - The ergonomic design of the G10 handle perfectly fits your palm while providing you with a comfortable grip, which can effectively reduce the burden on your wrist. The mosaic rivet in the middle brings an overall harmony and stunning visuality to the whole piece.
 BEST GIFT CHOICE - Black Hawk-S series steak knife has a beautiful and high-end casting texture. It also comes with a exquisite gift box, which can be used as the best choice for gifts to your family or friends, whether it is Valentine's Day, Helloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas or New Year's Day."

Dalstrong Power: Featuring ultra sharp AUS-10V Vacuum Heat Treated Japanese super steel cutting core at 62+ Rockwell hardness: extraordinary performance and edge retention. 67 layers of premium high-carbon stainless steel layers ensure exceptional strength, durability and stain resistance. Perfectly balanced. Dalstrong's stunning 'tsunami-rose' genuine Damascus layers.
Engineered to Perfection: Ultra-premium G-10 handle is military grade with life-long durability. Hand polished, the ergonomic handle shape is engineered for superior control, agility and comfort while the blade's spine is made smooth for a natural 'pinch grip’. Matching stainless steel Dalstrong plates on either side of the block further enhance this sets aesthetic and distinction. The Shogun Series X 5-piece Block Set handsomely keeps your most trusted and versatile knives proudly on display.
Included #1000 grit stone is your all-purpose stone to sharpen dull or damaged blades, and a #6000 to return that mirror polish and screamingly sharp edge to your blade. ideal for sharpening both German and Japanese style knives, scissors and other bladed tools. Handcrafted Acacia wood base serves as a level surface to hold your stones in place as you sharpen, and as a convenient base for easy storage.
Incredible Value: Included Nagura flattening stone acts as a conditioner for both the sharpening and finishing stone. For quick cosmetic touch-ups to the surface or face of your knife, to rub away any corrosion or scuffs that can build up on high-carbon and stainless steel knives–keeping your blades looking new and hygienic.
Dalstrong Trust: Rock solid 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Renowned Dalstrong customer service. See why chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Dalstrong Difference'. Dalstrong luxury packaging. Now you are slicing with POWER. Dalstrong POWER!"

Masterfully Forgedfrom Premium High-Carbon Stainless Steel, our Imperial Collection is built to last so that you will never need another set of kitchen knives again!
Ruthlessly SharpOur knives are carefully heat-treated and sharpened to perfection for razor-sharp cutting and extreme durability. Each knife is laser-etched with a beautiful Damascus pattern.
Effortless CuttingThe knives boast a 15° cutting angle for superior cutting, as compared to a typical 25° edge angle found in most Western knives. You WILL feel the difference from the very first cut.
Ergonomically DesignedOur Imperial collection is ergonomically designed with a comfortable Pakka Wood handle and Finger Guard for extra protection."

 INSTANT CONVERSATION STARTER- Unique way to show off your beautiful Damascus style blades on the countertop. Advance into the kitchen with the same ferocity and precision of a Spartan Warrior.
 COMPLETE KITCHEN KNIFE SET- 6 Piece set with laser etched Spartan Warrior Knife Block. (1) Chef Knife, (1) Paring Knife, (1) Utility Knife, (1) Cleaver, (1) Santoku Knife, (1) Knife Sharpener.
 PREMIUM QUALITY BLADES- Made of high-grade steel, and built with an ergonomic design, results in a blade that is razor sharp and balanced. Minimize fatigue while maximizing precision. Funny knife set, perfect for anyone with a razor-sharp sense of humor! Hand wash only.
 BAMBOO SPARTAN MAN- Wide stance base to ensure your Spartan Warrior stands tall and proud. Equipped with a beautiful laser etched shield & 12"" Spear (Knife Sharpener). Simple 3 screw assembly (included). Assembled Dimensions- Height 9.5"" , Base 6"" x 11.8""
 1 YEAR WARRANTY: Veteran owned and operated, we stand behind our product and include a warranty card with every purchase. Furthermore, we offer a 30-Day Unconditional Money Back Guarantee if it fails to meet your expectations for any reason."

8-inch Chef Knife Gyuto- 50mm forged blade is made of premium AUS-10V Japanese steel
Damascus steel provides exceptional hardness, durability, and corrosion resistance
Tempered using liquid nitrogen, resulting in a superior 62 HRC +-1 & meticulously hand sharpened to a razor sharp edge with an 11-12 degree angle
The handle is made of premium micarta, which is as beautiful as it is funcitonal, easy to grip & moisture resistant
Exquisitely balanced and ruthlessly sharp for precise and effortless cuts. The knife is perfectly balanced for a traditional pinch grip and made to last a lifetime."

Handmade Damascus steel blank blade knife with beautiful twist pattern on it.
Sharp edge blade with hammer finished vacuum heat treated and design to last forever.
Our Nooraki knife has a razor-sharp edge and agile blade to make chopping, cutting and slicing much easier. Create your own ergonomic handle out of any material around the perfectly balanced handle. Transform into any knid of knife that you desire
See why thousands of professional chefs and home cooks love and trust us. 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it.
Our Trust = Rock-solid 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Renowned Nooraki customer service. See why chef's/Hunter/Camper around the world trust and love, 'The Nooraki Difference. Now you are slicing with POWER. Nooraki POWER."

[Chef's knife and cleaver knife] This is an ancient forging knife technique that originated in Japan. The core of its structure is hard high carbon steel, and the two sides are tough carbon steel. The high carbon steel provides wear-resistant and effective cutting and the blade strength reaches 57HRC, while the steel on both sides provides the necessary toughness, so that the tool will not crack when used for a long time.
[High-Quality Cleaver Knife] This butcher's chef's knife is designed with a V-shaped finishing blade, and the ergonomic full-handle natural wooden handle can prevent the blade from being comfortably held and has a non-slip effect. It is very suitable for your hand. It is suitable for cutting meat, fish, vegetables, fruits or any other food you like except bones. By using it, you can easily complete the daily kitchen cutting work, and never feel tired wrist.
[Very convenient to carry]-We have specially designed a unique leather knife cover for you to protect the blade, so that it is more beautiful and safer, and can be worn on the belt for outdoor use. After receiving the leather case, please hang it in a ventilated place for a few days.
[Hand forging] The knives are hand polished by the master knife craftsman using a natural knife sharpener. Compared with mechanically manufactured kitchen knives, this kind of knives has a longer service life. Through quenching-hammering-tempering-steel clamping-hammering-tempering-tempering and other operations, high-quality forged kitchen knives are made.
[Regarding maintenance] Due to the high carbon content of manual forging knives, please pay attention to cleaning the knives after use. Acid or alkaline substances should not be left on the kitchen knives for a long time. The knife should be kept dry after use. Putting the knife in a leather case is a good choice."

Revolutionary FC61 steel core features fine carbide distribution and is protected by a durable 48 layers of damast steel
Fine carbide distribution creates a razor-sharp and durable blade with a 61 Rockwell hardness
Double ice-hardened FRIODUR blade offers remarkable durability and cutting edge retention
Blade is hand-honed using the historic Honbazuke method to an exceptionally sharp 9.5 to 12 degrees
Authentic, thin Japanese blade profile"

6.5"" Curved Blade Boning Knife - Cozzini Cutlery Imports
6.5"" Total Blade Length / 1"" Blade Width (at Base) / 5"" Color Coded Black Fibrox Handle / Dishwasher Safe. Save big when you get a 3 pack or 6 pack!
The curved tip helps the blade slide smoothly along the meat as your hand pulls away in a natural motion. Any kitchen that is fabricating meat, poultry, or fish must have some good fillet knives on hand!
You can throw them in the dishwasher, use them all day long, and they will still perform! They are versatile knives that can hold a great edge and stand up to a beating! These are trusted boning knives from a trusted brand!
Professionally Sharpened"

The Dalstrong Frost Fire Series is an elegant collection of premium light-weight, razor-sharp knives with an icy cold look and fiery performance. Built for the modern chef who appreciates meticulously crafted, professional knives that look good and feel good, without any sacrifices to functionality.
The Frost Fire Series 4-piece serrated steak knife set was thoughtfully designed to impress your dinner guests with their lightweight, quick grip build. Your dinner or lunch-time guests can count on effortless slicing while the scalpel-like blade edge sails through the thickest cuts of rib-eye steak, tender chicken and more, giving perfectly clean slices while ensuring all the juice and flavour remain inside each and every bite.
Expertly engineered from 7-layer, high-carbon, high-chromium 10CR15MOV stainless steel with added cobalt, these knives undergo an expert heat treatment to further increase blade hardness for scalpel-like sharpness. Each knife is perfected with a precision-based sandblast for a frosted blade finish that enhances non-stick properties and offers superior refinement. National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) certified.
Beautifully finished with a slender, ergonomic handle for a tension-free grip, the Frost Fire Series offers ultimate comfort and cutting agility. For added distinction, the pristine white resin handle is enclosed in aluminum mesh that provides improved durability and a stylish honeycomb finish.
Dalstrong Trust: The most essential knife and perfect gift for home cooks, professional chefs, and more. Rocksolid 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Renowned Dalstrong customer service. See why chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Dalstrong Difference'. Dalstrong luxury packaging. Now you are slicing with POWER. Dalstrong POWER!"

Revolutionary FC61 steel core features fine carbide distribution and is protected by a durable 48 layers of damast steel
Fine carbide distribution creates a razor-sharp and durable blade with a 61 Rockwell hardness
Double ice-hardened FRIODUR blade offers remarkable durability and cutting edge retention
Blade is hand-honed using the historic Honbazuke method to an exceptionally sharp 9.5 to 12 degrees
Authentic, thin Japanese blade profile"

You have a knife project and you are looking for a blank blade? Look no further, we have made a hand forged Damascus blank blade for you.
Solidly built for tough use. Long lasting sharp edge. Hand forged by using 1095 & 15N20 steels. Over 260 true layers of Damascus steel. Heat treated. Hardness: 58-60 HRC on Rockwell Scale. Will long last for several years (lifetime if handled with care).
NOTE: This is our stock photo. You will receive different Damascus pattern as every Damascus Blade is unique in the world. The holes in the handle can be small or big in diameter and can be found at different places on the handle (you don’t need to use all holes to make a knife). TIP: If your pins are bigger than handle holes, you can rub pins with sandpaper to adjust according to handle holes.
DIMENSION: See photos for Dimensions. We don’t provide any directions on how to make a knife. You can search on the web i.e., “how to make a knife from a blank blade”.
We recommend to dry your new leather sheath under direct sunlight for several hours before putting your knife in it as leather contains moisture and can rust your knife. Wash your knife and apply a thin layer of oil on your blade/knife after each use. For long term storage; store your knife and sheath separately. Please message us if you have any issue with your purchase."

Material: 18/10 Stainless Steel
Hand Wash Recommended
Imported"

06 Pcs Knives Set Brisket Knife,Chef Knife,Steak Knife, Utility Knife, Cleaver Meet Knife, with Knife Sharpener.
Handle Metrial of Natural Rosewood.
Damascus Twisted with 176 Layers and 55 to 58 HRC.
Comfort, smooth and easy to Use. Wash and Dry The Blade and Apply Vegetable Oil after every use."

Our handmade Yoshihiro Mizu Yaki Kurouchi Series are unparalleled in their performance. Mizu Yaki is a meticulous process of pure water quenching that draws out the hardness of refined steel while infusing it with enough resiliency to perform consistently in the most exacting of conditions. The Black Forged 'Kurouchi' finish consists of the carbonized coating created during heat treating and provides for a characteristic look and a rustic aesthetic to the blade.
Blue High Carbon Steel with a hardness on the Rockwell scale of 62-63 is prized for its high edge retention. It is sandwiched in between carbon steel in the traditional Warikomi style to add to its durability and ease sharpening. It takes a very high degree of skill to create knives of such exceptional performance and exquisite beauty with a steel of this caliber and is a testament to the extraordinary skill of the artisans.
One of the most essential knives a chef can have is a Japanese slicing knife known as a Sujihiki knife. The Sujihiki is a slicing knife with a long narrow blade that smoothly slices through meat or vegetables and preserves the integrity of each ingredient’s freshness. The Sujihiki slicer is perfect for fabricating large roasts to thinly slicing cucumbers or smoked salmon.
Proudly made in Japan and not mass produced. This knife is complimented with a traditional Japanese Wa-style handcrafted Handle that is lightweight and ergonomically welds to the hand for seamless use. An optional and recommended protective wooden sheath called a Saya can be purchased together, which protects the knife and adds to its appearance when not in use. Every knife from Yoshihiro is handcrafted by master artisans creating a unique one-of-a-kind work of art.
Traditional Japanese knife making values a sharp edge, which requires attention and care. Sharpening and honing should be done with only water whetstones. Hand wash and dry only, and do so immediately if working with acidic ingredients. Do not use on objects such as bones, nutshells, and frozen foods. Carbon steel can oxidize if not properly maintained. Keep dry and oil regularly to prevent oxidation."

High carbon steel Serbian knife: this butcher chef knife is made of manganese steel with high hardness. It is a meat cutter suitable for families and restaurants. This hand forged bone chopper is durable. Our signature ancient forging technology ensures that the blade is sharp.
Manual forging process: butcher's knives are manually polished by workers with more than 30 years of experience using water mill blades. Compared with the kitchen knife made by mechanical method, this kind of knife has a longer service life.
Full tang wooden handle: in line with ergonomics, quantang wooden handle prevents the blade from being held comfortably and has good anti-skid effect. The unique leather scabbard protects the blade, which is beautiful and safer. It is also equipped with a belt ring, which can be tied on the belt for outdoor use. It is a good outdoor knife for barbecue, hunting and camping
Unique shape: this knife takes the snow leopard as the shape, which is not only beautiful but also practical. Our butcher knife with leather cover is equipped with a gift box. It is an ideal choice for birthday, wedding, Christmas, father's day, mother's day, etc.
How to maintain: due to the high carbon content of the forging tool, please pay attention to cleaning the tool. Acidic or alkaline substances cannot stay on the blade for a long time. Therefore, it is best to clean and dry immediately after each use to prevent rust. If it is not used for a long time, it may be coated with some edible oil. It shall be stored in a dry place."

High QualityWILDMOK JIAO Series Chef Knife uses 3 layers 9CR18MOV Clad Steel. it has a strong toughness and can be kept in a long time sharp, whether chopping meat, fish, vegetables, cuts or fruit each piece is sliced with precision.
Professional QualityTraditional 3-step hand-honed edge; 15° angle on each side for ultimate sharpness. With an HRC of 60+/-2 it will take an angled edge and hold it for long enough to help extend the life of your knife.
Handle Design African rosewood octagonal handle for a durable yet balanced and comfortable grip. It also provides comfortable grip, not easy to slip, sturdy and labor-saving.
Weight/BalanceThe balance point runs heel to spine up the billet. Allowing the user a comfortable grip with precise cuts, and less wear and tear on the users hands. Sharp cutting edge Makes you handy when cutting.
WILDMOK's PROMISE Quality is a massive focus of ours products. As a promise to our customers, When you open the package and receive a knife with any quality problems, we will replace it free of charge."

(Zapall 8 Inch Kitchen Knife) Our ultra premium 8 inch knife is forged with imported German stainless steel by craftsman with decades of experience. This steel has a high level carbon component. Its 0.75% carbon content has more than twice carbon as normal steel, which usually contains only 0.3% of carbon. That makes the sharpness of the our knife lasts for several months.
(Ergonomic Pakkawood Handle) The ergonomic handle design, is made for a comfortable and stable grip. This grip reduces the hand fatigue by cutting for a long period of time. The handle is made of pakkawood, this is an antislippery material, that improves your grip and reduces accidents.
(Ultra Sharp Edge) Our ultra sharp edge last for months. This blade cuts effortless through all kind of food.
(Multifunctional Knife) This knife is perfect for every day tasks. This knife was made to cut every kind of food, such as: meat, fish, chicken, vegetables and fruits."

12"

KNIVES BUILT TO LAST: We bring a range of high quality stunning chef knifes that are handcrafted using the finest materials, this is where quality meets elegance.
PREMIUM JAPANESE DAMASCUS STEEL: Made from 67 layers of Japanese Damascus VG10 Super steel which ensures that our kitchen knives last a lifetime. Our signature mosaic inlay motif also acts as a third rivet.
ERGONOMICALLY DESIGNED: Individually built each chef knife boasts military-grade G10 black rounded handle, developed by our leading product development experts, is robust and resistant to moisture.
OP PERFORMANCE: Each fish filleting knife blade is sharpened exactly to a 13-degree V-Ground edge, ensuring that each side of the blade is at optimum sharpness. The razor sharpness technology allows the user to completely up their game."

Top-quality Japanese Steel: Cutting core and blade use Japanese made AUS-10 super steel which is a world famous high-carbon stainless steel for making high performance knives. The Rockwell Hardness is 62±. Hard but flexible. Highly refined, high carbon vanadium in the steel which ensures the razor-sharp edge and holds it longer. Luxury package with sponge velvet coated and professional user manual.
Excellent Performance: Razor-sharp 16° Cutting Edge. It is hand sharpened to a 16° angle for each side using a traditional Honbazuke method to enhance the sharpness. Goes through food easily like cutting butter. The blade is double-beveled for convenient cutting and food release. Liquid nitrogen cooled enhancing corrosion resistance.
Double-sided 45 layers Damascus: Folded forging provides very distinct and beautiful Damascus rose pattern, supports high performance on stain resistance. Holes on the blade reduces drag and develops air bags which decrease stuck on food. Vacuum heated treatment technology improves the fatigue strength greatly and enhances the toughness and the corrosion resistance which extends the life-span of the knife. Mirror polishing/abrasive blasting. Blade is elaborately polished.
G-10 handle: Elaborately produced high-class G-10 handle that is famous for its high intensity, high level of moisture proof and chemical resistance. Full tang ensures solid and steady quality, yet a perfectly balanced knife. Ergonomic handle shape for a superb strength, balance and comfortable grip.
100% SATISFACTION or MONEY BACK GUARANTEE! Try it zero risk! We offer lifetime warranty on all of our products against manufacturing defects in material and workmanship (only if purchased from 'Griphinity Kitchen Knife', please check sold by 'Griphinity Kitchen Knife'). Our knives are suitable for professional chefs, home cooks, culinary students and more. Ideal gifts for friends and relatives."

KNIFE FEATURES - The professional Nakiri knife with olive wood handle has a knife length of 12.2-inch and a blade length of 7-inch.
RAZOR KNIFE SHARP - Thanks to AUS10 Damascus steel, a blade hardness of 60 HRC is achieved. The professional kitchen knife is & remains extra sharp.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE - Best balanced Nakiri knife best tools for larger vegetable which are often difficult to cut, like sweet potatoes or butternut squash. With ergonomically shaped wooden olive handle for fatigue-free work in the kitchen.
PERFECT AS A GIFT - The Damascus professional knife is a visual highlight and not only the perfect gift idea for the barbecue season, also a special gift for all knife lovers!
WITH Elegant GIFT BOX - Thanks to the beautiful packaging, the knife can be given away directly and is a great joy for every ambitious cook!"


Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, Swedish Sandvik 14C28N Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. 2016 Red Dot Award Winner, A Design Award Winner, 2018 German Design Award Winner. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. Holds an edge up to 5 times longer than German Steel. Hand sharpened to a 16-degree angle per side. HRC 59 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
Set includes: 8"" chef's knife, 5"" serrated utility knife, and a 3.5"" paring knife. Each Knife comes with carbonized solid Ashwood half open magnetic sheath to ensure your knife blade stays safe.
This set of essential kitchen cutlery is an excellent starter set for new cooks in the kitchen. Strong magnets are embedded into the edge of the sheath to hold onto the spine of the knife. A innovative and stylish way to protect your blades and fingers.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

 SEASON CHEFS AND HOME COOKS WILL IMMEDIATELY NOTICE THE DIFFERENCE – The well weighted chef’s knife with rounded handles ( designed by one of our best Smith ) requires minimal effort whether you’re chopping, slicing, dicing or mincing. Grip the ergonomically designed handles comfortably with large or small hands and minimise wrist tension. The finest kitchens in the world consider a proper knife the ultimate multi-functional tool for beginner and pro cooks to strive.
 CRAFTSMANSHIP SPIRIT SHARPENED AND READY WHEN IT ARRIVES - Best Material and Strictness on Finishing, our craftsman plays an important parts on polishing, grinding and edging. Make it to be a masterpiece.12 degree blade edge that makes slicing meat, chicken, steak, and sushi / sashimi feel like slicing butter. it Can Cut Bones too
 DAMASCUS BLADE - This knife has Stunning pattern Damascus steel blade having sharp edges for cutting, The blade is Made By 1095/15N20 ALLOY STEELS (176 true Layers) Hand forged to Beautiful Pattern. Damascus steel of this knife has high quality contents to give an excellent edge and sharp cutting abilities. Hardness of the blade of this knife is HRC 57-60 in the lab & been hand sharpened to a Sharp Edge
 CONVENIENT TO CARRY - The butcher knife kitchen comes with an unique leather knife sheath to protect the knife blade, beautiful and more safety, and can be attached to the belt for easy carrying when using outdoor There may have a smell of the leather sheath, please hang in a ventilated place for some days when you receive it.)
 OUR TRUST - Rock-solid 100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEED, try it risk free. See why chef's around the world trust and love, The Nooraki Difference. Now you are slicing with POWER. Nooraki POWER."

The steel is a single piece of specially alloyed Chrome-Vanadium-Moly cutlery steel.
Each knife is hand forged and continues through more than thirty separate steps in the production process before completion.
The finaly polished grips are made from a robust, long-lasting plastic called Hostaform.
Ice hardened stainless steel, hand sharpened and dishwasher safe.
Made in Solingen, Germany"

Handmade 440c Stainless Steel chef Knife
Gorgeous Handle made of Walnut wood and Colored Bone.
Handmade Real Leather Sheath included. Easy Grip Handle
Delivery within 10 - 15 working Days
Handle Length : 5:00 Inches, Blade Length : 08:00 Inches"

Japan Import"

The blades have undergone a premium Japanese leather sharpening process has been added providing an even sharper cutting blade.
Each blade is engineered and tested to meet Rockwell 53 specification guaranteeing a blades hardness and optimum performance.
Backed by Cuisine::pro's lifetime guarantee.
Cuisine::pro Damashiro Emperor Japanese knives are made from the finest quality Japanese steel. Inspired by traditional Japanese craftsman and Samurai sword makers, these knives are characterised by distinctive damascus inspired patterns on the blade of banding and mottling reminiscent of flowing water. Damashiro blades are made from specialist ice hardened Japanese steel which makes them super tough, resistant to shattering and capable of being honed to a sharp, resilient edge."

🗡️A mediocre knife for occasional recreational kitchen useThis is an ordinary knife. A cleaver to spatchcock a chicken, to chopping and mincing everything. It's has everything you want: Razor sharp, Full tang, solid rivets, and the craftsmanship is excellent, It’s got a nice weight to it and feels comfortable in your hand. The kitchen knife is very very sharp straight out of the box, and excellent on vegetables and meats.
 A Knife That Is Prone To Rust If Not MaintainedYou need to know this is a knife handmade forged from high carbon steel and high manganese steel. It has higher hardness and toughness than stainless steel, and it is not easy to break while ensuring sharpness. so after each use, you may need keep it clean and dry to resist rust.
Razor-Sharp Blade Edge The vegetable slicing knife blade is 14-16° degrees per side for maximum sharpness & edge retention ensuring precision slicing every time. ensuring ultra-thin slicing and dicing with minimal effort, it’s sharp and easy to put a new edge on it. this Chinese cleaver knife keeps the cook's fingers away from the cutting surface.
 Full Tang Ergonomic HandleThe cleaver handle and the blade of the cleaver are integrated without soldering, which is firm and durable to eliminate broken handle. Ergonomic Full Tang handle can prevent the blade comfortable to grip and non-slip effect. The wengewood handle enhances the handholds touch to make the knife easy to hold, so you will not feel tired for using a long time
How To MaintainDue to the high carbon content of forged knives, please pay attention to clean the knives. Acidic or alkaline substances should not be stay on the blade for a long period, and please do not touch corrosive things with the blade. Be sure to rinse it with running water, and then wipe off the water stains with a cotton cloth. you can smear some cooking oil on it If you don't use it for a long time, it should be storage placed at a dry place."

[Japanese Top Grade Steel] Classic Chef's Knife is hand-forged using a high carbon VG-10 steel cutting core and 67 layers of Damascus cladding through traditional Japanese methods. It is also vacuum heat treated and nitrogen cooled to achieve a hardness of 61±2 HRC; greatly enhancing superior strength, durability and sharpness.
[PakkaWood Knife Handle] The handle of the Gyuto chef's knife is made of PakkaWood; made of authentic wood infused with resin for excellent grip and perfect balance. The perfectly curved design of the blade and the ergonomically designed handle greatly enhance the excellent handling, comfort and cutting efficiency. Perfect for home cooks and professional chefs for daily use.
[Gorgeous Chef Knife] Japanese Damascus knife combine advanced technology and innovation with the ancient Japanese tradition of hand forging; providing superior corrosion resistance, rust resistance and toughness. Perfect for chopping, mincing, slicing and cutting fruits, fish, meat, sushi and vegetables in home and restaurant kitchens.
[High End Sandalwood Gift Box] High quality hand-forged artisan chef's knives combine many valuable elements that are highly collectible and practical. The gorgeous looking and perfectly functional chef's knife is what every home cook and professional chef looks forward to using. Perfect for Thanksgiving, Black Friday, Christmas, New Year, Easter, Halloween, birthday, etc. for parents, loved ones and friends.
[Product Commitment] ミツモトサカリ products have been strictly audited and certified. Unconditional replacement or refund policy for defects, risk-free trial. If you have any questions, please contact us, we will give you a satisfactory answer."

 All-Purpose Cleaver : This professional chefs butcher knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks of slicing, dicing and mincing by cutting vegetables and meat.
 Handmade Forged Technology : The cutlery knives are sharpened manually by workers with more than 30 years of experience by using natural knife grinders mined from Mount Emei. Compared with kitchen knives made with mechanical ways, the service life of such knives is longer.
 Full Tang Wooden Handle : Ergonomic Full Tang handle can prevent the blade comfortable to grip and non-slip effect. The kitchen cleaver butcher knife is a great beauty, impeccable performance this strong design with a good strength, durability.
 Multi-purpose : The chef knife is a multifunction cutlery knife, which is designed for professional applications, suitable for cutting, dicing, slicing with vegetables, fruit bread and meat, adding satisfaction and enjoyment of kitchen,outdoor barbecue, hunting or hiking experience.
 Portable Leather Sheath : The boning knife comes with sheath to protect your knife and can be attached to the belt for easy carrying when using outdoor. (There may have a smell of the leather sheath, please hang in a ventilated place for some days when you receive it.)In order to preventing the knife falling out from the sheath, the sheath may be a little tight."

Exquisite Damascus Pattern, AMAZING GiftYour cooking moment would be the most enjoyable time in life with this Kiritsuke Knife. The included black package case shows the elegant pattern of our Kirisuke knife upon opening, which is a wonderful gift for Home Cooks, Professional Chef, Culinary Students, parents and friends on Mother's Day, Father's Day, Thanksgiving Day, Black Friday, Christmas day, New Year, Easter Day, Halloween, Birthday, etc.
Premium 7Cr17Mov Steel - 56±2 HRCOur Kiritsuke knife blade is forged from premium 7Cr17Mov high-carbon stainless steel and heat treated to 56±2 HRC with excellent corrosion resistance and wear resistance. Carefully tapered for improved hardness and minimal slicing resistance. The chef knife is well balanced, the V-shape blade minimizes surface resistance for buttery smooth cut through and enhanced non-stick properties. It is not made from Damascus Steel. It is just Damascus Style pattern.
 Multi-Functional 8"" Kiritsuke KnifeCooking enthusiasts, look no further! BLADESMITH Kiritsuke Knife is popular for its extraordinary artistic creativity and incomparable cutting performance. This knife has a sword-like shape with its long and flat blade, which is suitable for prepare food in kitchen, especially slicing, dicing, vegetables, fruits, fish, and meats.
Ergonomic HandleErgonomic pakkawood Handle will bring you a superior hand control, agility and comfort. Never fatigue because of prolonged use caused to the palm or wrist. It is a perfect chef knife for people who frequently use for cooking or who like the kitchen. It is not only beautiful in appearance but also durable.
QUALITY Guarantee100% satisfaction or money back. Try it for no risk. Superior products that will give you a lifetime of exemplary service. We are committed to providing our customers with quality products and friendly service. Please feel free to contact us with any questions."

Premium Quality -- Keep in mind that this handmade high carbon steel butcher knife is not dishwasher-safe. You will need to hand-wash it and keep it clean and dry to resist rust after each use. Compared with meat knives made by stainless steel, our professional breaking knife has an extraordinary performance in edge-retention and a longer service life. The 8 inch sturdy blade passed multiple hand-grinding processes for an incredibly sharp cutting edge.
Multipurpose Cleaver -- Our heavy duty boning knife is stout and a little heavier than general kitchen knives. The thickness of the blade is 4mm, which is designed to handle heavy tasks like splitting chickens or chopping ribs, gourds. The double-beveled arched blade also excels in many kitchen tasks like preparing fish, mincing, slicing, and chopping vegetables, slicing meat, and deboning lamb steak.
Forged Butcher Knife -- Rounded belly and curved blade are designed to create leverage, and complete cuts in a single motion without sawing. The unique curvature of the handmade boning knife on the top, additional length at the end for cleaner cuts and make skinning easier. That means the meat knife is thoughtfully designed to detach chicken, slice through flesh, break through cartilage and trim fat from beef, pork, poultry, fish.
Exquisite & Practical -- Unique hammered texture of the carving knife does well in corrosion resistant and it also helps to prevent foods from sticking. The carved rosewood handle finished with a gorgeous brass rivet is well balanced for a more comfortable cutting experience. The exquisitely engraved dragon decoration not only enhances the temperament of the stylish kitchen knife, but also prevents your finger from being hurt.
Warranty -- All of our kitchen knives pass strict quality control before shipped and well packaged in an elegant gift box. We offer 100% satisfaction and money back guarantee. Try it risk-free, you'll love this unique stylish meat and vegetable cleaver!"

Multipurpose KnivesChef's knives are classified and designed as multipurpose knives for professional applications. It cuts, dices, slices, minces and also cuts meat off the bone.
More comfortable handleErgonomic handle to make it more comfortable, minimizing fatigue, finger numbness or pain from prolonged use.
High Carbon Stainless Steel BladesTo increase its robustness, this steel contains 0.65-0.8 of carbon. This makes it twice as hard as other tools in its class, as they contain about 0.35% carbon. He will be able to stay with you for a long time.
Super sharpThe sharpness of the blade is the key to getting the best cut. The blade is so sharp that it stays that way even after tough tasks such as cutting tough meat or removing meat from bones. It is further enhanced by the use of the latest German engineering.
Corrosion and stainless steel blades - In addition to carbon, the metal composition of the blade contains 16-18% chromium. This gives it a lustrous finish that will not lose its luster even after extended use, making it the perfect gift for Mother's Day, Father's Day, weddings and birthdays. Chef Knife special waved pattern blade is particularly and strikingly (stainless steel kitchen knives, not real Damascus).100% Satisfaction or refund policy."

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece, hot-drop hammer forged, which produces the strongest blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 57-58.
The three-step, 15 degree “Elite” edge is hand stropped on a cloth wheel, creating the sharpest possible cutting surface on an edged tool.
The bolsterless heel simplifies all cutting, sharpening & honing tasks, making use of the entire blade from heel to tip.
Handcrafted in the historic cutlery capital of Solingen, Germany.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

Made of high-quality German high-carbon steel: Carbon content of the steel is 0.5%, the chromium content is as high as 17%, and the hardness is 57±2HRC, Ultra sharp, sharp edges, reliable performance and long service life. Precision forged blade has high corrosion resistance, rust resistance and durability, and stain resistance.
Frosted knife surface, hand-forged, polished and polished: 18° angle on each side, sharp edges can reduce food friction and prevent food from sticking to the blade. Keep food taste to the maximum. Place the Damascus knife on the food and push it gently, and it will go straight. It is very sharp and strong, suitable for cutting meat, fruits, vegetables, fish and sushi.
Handle of the meat cleaver is made of black color wood:Single steel head design is more beautiful. and non-slip. Ergonomic design, easy to hold, maintain durability, and reduce the trouble of finger numbness or soreness caused by holding the knife for a long time. Twisted and cracked.
Size and weight: Blade is 8 inches, Thickness is 2.1mm, Width is 1.46 inches, and the weight is 0.45Lbs.It has a firm hand feel and can be flexibly sliced and cut into small pieces, which is very suitable for the preparation of vegetables and meat.Connection between the blade and the handle adopts a curved finger design, which is integrally formed and seamlessly connected, which reduces finger pressure during use and makes cooking more interesting.
Multifunctional kitchen knife: It can be used for almost all slicing and cutting, and it is also suitable for home and restaurant use. Bring you more fun of cutting food, and make you easy to cook. Using high-end gift box packaging (including sponge cushion), this is the best gift for Christmas, weddings, birthdays, Father's Day, Mother's Day, home chefs, professional chefs, cooking students, etc. A protective box is added to prevent damage to the product."

UPC - 016017144422"

Consist on 5 knives plus one knives sharpening rod
Handle Metrial of Natural Black pakawood
Damascus Twisted with 176 Layers and 55 to 58 HRC.
Comfort, smooth and easy to Use. Wash and Dry The Blade and Apply Vegetable Oil after every use.
Blade material type: Alloy Steel"

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece, hot-drop hammer forged, which produces the strongest blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 57-58.
The three-step, 15 degree “Elite"" edge is hand stropped on a cloth wheel, creating the sharpest possible cutting surface on an edged tool.
The bolsterless heel simplifies all cutting, sharpening & honing tasks, making use of the entire blade from heel to tip.
Handcrafted in the historic cutlery capital of Solingen, Germany..The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

WHAT'S YOUR GET The 10 PCS kitchen knife boxed set includes 8"" Chef Knife, 8"" Slicer Knife, 5"" Utility Knife, 8"" Bread Knife, 7.5"" Cleaver Knife, 7"" Santoku Knife, 5"" Santoku Knife, 7"" Cleaver Knife, 6"" Boning Knife, and 3.5"" Paring Knife.
Ultra-Sharp EDGEEach knife blade is made of Japanese 7CR17 440C High Carbon Stainless Steel - rust and stain-resistant - Simulated Damascus Laser Pattern design - each comes with a knife sheath
ERGONOMIC PAKKAWOOD HANDLE The ergonomic shape enables the right balance between the handle and the thin blade, ensuring ease of movement, reduce wrist tension, numbness, and soreness.
EASY TO MAINTAIN Hand washes with warm water and a mild detergent; rinse and dry immediately. Since most dishwashers are extremely abrasive, we recommend hand washing.
GIFTED & EXCELLENT SERVICEXITUO chefs knives set comes with protective sheaths, ideal for family and friends as a gift. Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions during use."

The Messermeister Oliva Elité 10” Stealth Chef’s Knife has a highly figured Italian olive wood handle attached to a hand forged Stealth blade is about 25% thinner and 10% lighter than our traditional chef’s knife
The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge
This knife line is one-piece, hot-drop hammer forged, which produces the strongest blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 57-58
The three-step, 15 degree “Elite” edge is hand stropped on a cloth wheel, creating the sharpest possible cutting surface on an edged tool
The bolsterless heel simplifies all cutting, sharpening & honing tasks, making use of the entire blade from heel to tip"

VG10 super steel
Authentic thin Japanese blade profile
Hand-honed using the three-step Honbazuke process to 9.5 to 12 degree edge
CRYODUR blade ice-hardened to Rockwell 60
65-layer flower Damascus design with a katana edge
Rounded spine and heel
Three-rivet handle made of glass-bead-enhanced POM"

Damascus knife features 67 steel-and-iron layers for unparalleled strength, beauty, and cutting performance
Full-tang stone-finished blades extend the entire handle length for beautiful balance
Stainless steel half bolsters enable a completely sharpened edge and larger cutting surface, radius-polished spine provides strength and solidity
Sturdy protective plastic sheaths provide convenient, safe and stylish storage
Double-riveted handles with stainless steel end caps provide secure, comfortable grip; set includes Anolon Lifetime Warranty"

[Handmade Damascus Steel] Japanese AUS-12 Damascus Steel - Made Premium AUS-12 high carbon & Damascus steel as core of the blade, sandwiched with 176 true layers of softer steel, wear-resistance and long-lasting performance while providing a maximum sharpness.
[Fully Functional Item] Rose Wood Handle with Stunning Art on it unique piece of art People will admire as a gift.
[Sharp As] Razor Sharp Edge & Beautiful Pattern Hand polished edge by skilled craftsman ensures its Sharpness and Permanence, which can effortless cut the food.
[Our Trust] Rock-solid 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Renowned Amazon/Nooraki customer service. See why chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Nooraki Difference'. Nooraki luxury packaging. Now you are slicing with POWER. Nooraki POWER.
[Satisfaction] 100% Satifaction & MONEY BACK GURANTEED"

Menkiri knife designed for making straight cuts of noodles
Featuring Japanese san mai (meaning, ""3-layers"") construction; carbon steel sandwiched between two layers of stainless steel
Blue Steel cutting core of fine-grained ""blue"" carbon steel hardened to 61 Rockwell
Knife blades feature a mirror-polish that enhances stain resistance; Light bead-blasting along the edge shows off the san mai construction
Made with traditional Japanese knife handes; each knife comes with a Japanese-style saya, or sheath"

Damascus steel Meat cleaver with 2 tone Green scale crafted with 3 brass & Mosaic pins for extra strength
Overall 9.5 Long Inches buthcer cleaver with 5.5 Inches long sharp cutting edge
Twist pattern hand forged Damascus steel blade is prepared by forging the 1095 and 15N20 high and low carbon steel with hundreds of layers folded
Blade has been given an excellent heat treatment to get it well hardened Hardness 56 to 58 HRC.
Up to the standard of Kitchen cleaver, butcher knife, Meat cleaver comes with a fine quality extra thick cow hide leather sheath"


PROFESSIONAL CHEF'S KNIFE: This AYFA Super Sharp chef's knife is made of high-quality Japanese stainless steel that resists corrosion, rust, and discoloration. It can be used for daily kitchen chopping, slicing, dicing, and chopping all kinds of meat, vegetables, fruits, and bread. It is suitable for both domestic kitchens and restaurants.
DAMASCUS AUS10: right in the middle. There is a layer of 67 as a whole. 33 layers 316L + AUS10 damask + 33 layers 316L. AUS-10 is the steel core in the middle of the blade. It is a material imported from Japan. Treated with 60HRC vacuum heat treatment and liquid nitrogen cooling. The Rockwell hardness of the cutting core is 60 + 2 HRC.
RESISTANT ERGONOMIC DESIGN - The ultra-premium G10 handle minimizes wrist strain while providing a secure and comfortable grip no matter the size of your hand or where you hold it. Even after prolonged use, your palm and wrist will not tire.
AUDIENCE: Ideal both for people who cook frequently and for those who simply like to prepare sandwiches. The durability and reliability of the kitchen knife are ensured by the triple-rivet design that firmly holds the handle to the blade. The middle rivet is a Mosaic Pin user-friendly design to protect your hands and save labor.
THE PERFECT GIFT: The knife comes in a high-quality black gift box making it the perfect gift for a mother, father, grandfather, or friend. Inside the box is red, representing the tradition of the Japanese."

Technical data: - Blade: molybdenum vanadium stainless steel. - Handle: natural magnolia wood, - Hardness: 58 HRC, - Total length: 30.0 cm, - Blade length: 16 cm , - Blade width: 4.8cm, - Blade thickness: 1.6 mm, - Sharpening method: sinle bevel right hand cut, - Weight: about 132g.
The sharp edge of this Nakiri Knife is made by seasoned artisans to a mirror polish at 12-15°single-bevel blade. Because of its special single-sided and sharp blade without crushing or tearing the structure of the ingredients, it is able for cutting Herbs and Vegetables etc.
Ergonomic Magnolia Handle - The Ergonomic Handle of this single-edged Japanese Nakiri Knife has perfect grip and great balance, so it is a classic Japanese knife handle, the design of which was developed more than two centuries ago and is still the best in the opinion of Japanese craftsmen.
Easy Care - The Japanese Nakiri Knife is easy and fast to clean. Note! For long knife life, for protecting the sharpness and glossiness of this knife surface, please DO NOT wash this knife in dishwasher. Clean and dry it after hand washing to get the most out of them. For a long service life, keep it separately from other kitchen utensils, always wash it after each use and wipe it dry. In this case, the long service of your knife will be like your reward for taking care of it.
If you cut herbs and vegetables and want to do it easily, this knife is the perfect solution for you according to the opinion of Japanese craftsmen, which has been passed down from generation to generation."

Nitrum stainless steel blade, an exclusive nitrogen steel ARCOS formula that provides more hardness, greater cutting power and improved durability of the edge
Blade: Forged in a single NITRUM forged stainless steel piece for ensuring a professional cut and long-lasting durability
Arcos Table Knives - Steak Knife Table Knife Size Blade: 115 mm (4.5"") inch
The handle scales are made of polyoxymethylene (POM) and is highly resistant to impact, abrasion, and solvents
Steak Knife / Table Knife
Made 100% in Spain with a 10-year guarantee against all manufacturing defects. MADE IN SPAIN"


Total length 12 Inches - Blade Length 7.00 Inches- Handle Length 5 Inches - Stained Camel Bone handle - Blade Width 3.40 Inches with amazing hand work on the cleaver top quality balanced cleaver knife.
Our all items are 100% handmade and authentic damascus steel 100% , transportation is almost through DHL or UPS - If you have any questions about our item, please contact us.
Better quality of the sharp edge of the blade guaranteed , perfect grip , quality finishes , hard edge and cutting, the cutting edge to keep after the rough and tough use , great work of art for a perfect poison knife as well as fully functional.
Quality material used 1095 / 15N20 alloy steels (352 true layers). hardness of the blade of this knife is HRC 58-60.
Hands of durable high quality leather sheath included cowhide."

6 Pc's Beautiful Damascus Steel Chef Knife With Wood Handle. 1071-Br
Damascus Steel chef knife set
Stylish Unique Knives"

High Quality German Stainless SteelThis nakiri knife is made of premium High Carbon German Stainless steel DIN:1.4116, which performs excellent in durability and corrosion resistance, it will not rust, wear or scratch after a long periods use. The blade of this cleaver is extremely solid, it will not get crack or bent, And it would never have chip. This knife is light weight, with well balance and light design, it can cuts through everything with no effort.
Ultra SharpThis nakiri knife is extremely sharp, It’s truly sharpened by workers with more than 30 years work experience, so the blade is extremely sharp and solid, it has an amazing sharp edge right out of the box. Furthermore, Don't worry about the blade would looses its edge quickly, this blade is super sharp and hold edge very well. Even if the blade dulls after a long periods use, you can sharpen it easily.
All-Purpose Nakiri KnifeThis nakiri knife is suitable for dicing, slicing, mincing or cutting. You can use it to cut meat, vegetable and fruits. But please attention this nakiri knife is not fit for bones or frozen foods. it is the first choice of both home kitchen and professionals chefs, and it is a perfect gift for somebody that enjoys cooking. The craftsmanship of this nakiri knife is definitely well, so this nakiri knife is stunning beautiful.
Ergonomic Pearwood HandleThe handle of this nakiri knife is made of superior pearwood, resistant to wear and scratch. With Ergonomic design, It’s comfortable to hold and Non-slip. The handle is streamlined to save effort and improve efficiency. Regardless of what size of your hands, You can grip it easily.
Sell Service Guarantee Lifetime warranty is supported for this BLADESMITH nakiri knife! Please feel free to contact us if you have any question. We will solve your problem as soon as possible within 24h."

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, Swedish Sandvik 14C28N Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. 2016 Red Dot Award Winner, A Design Award Winner, 2018 German Design Award Winner. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. Holds an edge up to 5 times longer than German Steel. Hand sharpened to a 16-degree angle per side. HRC 59 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
Well balanced 5.5"" handle and 8"" blade with HRC 59 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale. Sturdy long blade has a scalloped and serrated edge. Includes carbonized solid Ashwood half open magnetic sheath to ensure your blade will be protected.
This bread knife's scalloped edge produce exceptionally smooth, clean and precise cuts whether you're slicing bread, roasted meat or delicate-skinned fruits and vegetables. Strong magnets are embedded into the edge of the sheath to hold onto the spine of the knife. A innovative and stylish way to protect your blades and fingers.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

Blade consists of 133 layers of steel, resulting in a floral damascus pattern. MC66 Micro Carbide steel is CRYODUR ice-hardened to 66 HRC.
D-shaped handle made of maple, elegantly enhanced with a mosaic pin and steel end-cap. Hand-honed using the three-step Honbazuke process to a 9.5 to 12 degree edge.
. Hand wash only.
Handcrafted in Seki, Japan."

High Carbon Stainless Steel - This 8＂ chef knife is made of high-carbon stainless steel, sturdy and sharp, can accomplish tasks in the kitchen excellently. (Wash by hand and dry with a cloth after each use)
Super Sharp Edge - When hand-polished 15°edge of degrees combined with 2mm thickness of this kitchen knife, It will be sharp and balanced, completely effortless to cut. We have also prepared a portable knife sharpener for you, you can take it with you when you are going camping, BBQ, or expedition, keeping chef knives sharp all the time.
Ergonomic Handle & Hole design - The handle of this chefs knife is made of premium wood with egonomic design, which minimizes fatigue after holding for a long time, and the design of the blade with holes can maintain the best stability during cutting.
Gift Box & knife Sharpener - The chef knives knife comes with a high quality black Gift Box, It can be a perfect gift for your beloved at various festivals, birthdays and parties. We also prepared a portable knife sharpener for you, when you are going camping, BBQ, or expedition to keep the chef’s knife sharp all the time.
SnugMaker Lifetime Guarantee - Provide customers 60 day money back policy, we strictly require the quality of each chef’s knives. If the received product is damaged during transportation, I hope you can contact us in time, we will provide you with the best 24-hour service until you are satisfied."

8. 75""L x 0. 5""W x 0. 5""H
6 assorted hand crafted wood handles : Wenge, Walnut, Merbau, Rosewood, Oak, and Olive wood.
The iconic Laguiole Bee is positioned on the bolster and the spine is etched for comfort and aesthetics.
Ergonomically designed handles are balanced and comfortable to hold, packed in an attractive storage box.
Made in China to European Standards
Included Components: 6 Steak Knives, Storage Box"

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece, hot-drop hammer forged, which produces the strongest blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 57-58.
The three-step, 15 degree “Elite” edge is hand stropped on a cloth wheel, creating the sharpest possible cutting surface on an edged tool.
The bolsterless heel simplifies all cutting, sharpening & honing tasks, making use of the entire blade from heel to tip.
Handcrafted in the historic cutlery capital of Solingen, Germany.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

[PROFESSIONAL 8 INCH CHEF'S KNIFE] Sharp kitchen knife is made of German high carbon stainless steel en1.4116, the steel contains 0.5-0.65% carbon element, which makes the gyutou knife two times as hard as other knives in its class. Unique irregular lines beautiful pattern on the blade is particularly eye-catching and very individual, and chef knife sheath can also protect the blade from being scratched.
[MULTI-FUNCTION KITCHEN KNIFE] This professional 8 inch chef's knife has a Rockwell hardness of 56~58, which can easily handle your daily kitchen work, including chopping, slicing, and dicing fruits, vegetables, fish, meat, etc. It truly is the all-around meat knife! This 8 inch chef knife sheath with an exquisite gift box is very suitable as a gift to parents and friends on kinds of festivals, such as Mother's Day, Father's Day, Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Day, Birthday, etc.
[SUPER SHARP BLADE EDGE] Sharpness is the most important performance for a meat knife and we reached great results in providing the best sharpness of our knives on the market. The thickness of this kitchen knife is 2mm, and the edge is finely hand-polished at an angle of 14°-16°on on each side. The Professional chef knife is very sharp to maintain this state even after tough tasks such as cutting hard meat or removing meat from bones.
[ERGONOMIC HANDLE SAVE EFFORT] Beautiful silver-gray ergonomic wooden handle enhancing comfortable grip touch to make chef cleaver knife easy to hold and not easy to slip. The joint between the blade and handle has a smooth slope, which fits perfectly with your palm and finger position when held, minimizing fatigue on the finger and numbness during long-term cutting, it is sturdy and labor-saving.
[100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEE] We are a professional chef knife with sheath manufacturer, very confident in the quality of the cooking knife. If you have any questions about 8 inch pro chef knife damage, please feel free to contact us and we will respond within 12 hours, you can return sharp chef knives for a full refund within 12 months for any reason!"

QUALITY STEAK KNIFE SET - This set of six steak knives are made of High Carbon Stainless Steel 3CR14 combining beautiful form with high function.This steak knife is an elegant addition to your table setting. tough, robust, and razor-sharp knives, which is a best choice for your meal.
QUALITY RAW MATERIAL AND SHARP BLADES - Made from High Carbon Stainless Steel 3CR14 is forged from one solid piece of steel，Processes the steel in a specific way to make sure it has a high hardness of 52°Rockwell. It makes each knife has extremely sharpness, rust-resistance, long-lasting edge, and excellent toughness. The blade is enhanced with extra-fine serrations on the front half of the blade, so as to make sure that you can effortlessly cut through any type of meat.
NATURAL WOOD HANDLES - The handle is made from brown walnut wood, feels very comfortable in hand and is great for both left and right-handed users. and the three rivets fit seamlessly in the handles. It makes pleasant to work with and also ensures good hygiene. Ergonomic handle provides a strong grip to perform delicate work and helps reduce hand fatigue. It feels good in hand.
BEAUTIFULLY PACKAGED AND WIDELY USE- this 6pcs of steak knife set comes with a delicate box, it can be a great gift for family and friends, also can use as dinner knife, table knife, kitchen knife. it adds a classy look to any well-set table with this high-quality steak knife. Whether you’re a master cook or a newbie, our steak knives set will help you cook faster, easier & cleaner – and have a great time doing it! Elegant, high-quality kitchen supplies are must-haves for the well-equipped cook.
EASY CARE - To maintain the stunning colour of the wood, and to not affect the sharpness of the blade, we recommend cleaning this knife by hand. Dry it after cleaning it to prevent discolourations or tears and to make sure the wood doesn't bend."

Professional Santoku Knife-This Red Santoku knife is made of German HC stainless steel, which prevents rust and corrosion. This imarku Santoku knife makes it very easy to slice, dice and mince. Whether you are cutting vegetables, meat or bread this Santoku knife is perfect.
Ultra Sharp Kitche Knife-This kitchen knife is extremely sharp, with an ultra-thin and hard blade that can easily cut through large amounts of food. Hand forged, this kitchen knife is far sharper than average kitchen knives and will give you a cutting experience like no other.
Durable chef knife-This chef knife has been rigorously tested periodically and will remain sharp for a long time with continuous use. The hollow oval design at the blade prevents food from sticking. Minimal sharpening also increases lifespan of the imarku chef knife.
Ergonomic Handle-The handle of this Santoku knife is red and ergonomically designed. The Parkwood handle makes cutting with this knife very easy. The ergonomic handle reduces pressure on the handle, so you won't feel wrist fatigue even after long hours of use. This cooking knife is perfect for homemakers, cooking enthusiasts and professional chefs.
Perfect After-Sales Service-imarku provides consumers with perfect after-sales service, so feel free to contact us by email if you have any questions. imarku is committed to creating high-end chef knives to meet your various cooking needs. This chefs knife comes in a very nice package, perfect for birthday gifts, Christmas gifts, Thanksgiving gifts, etc."

BLADE MATERIAL - Made with 67 layers damascus steel, VG-10 cutting core, HRC 60-62 hardness for exceptional sharpness, edge retention. Elegant hammered blade with stylish and functional design, can eliminate friction and keep food from sticking to the blade.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE: - Ergonomic handle shape is engineered for superior control, agility and comfort, hand polished, achieving highly impervious to heat, cold, moisture.
SUPERIOR SHARPNESS - Seek design creates unmatched control and minimal slicing resistance. No tearing or squishing, only ruthless efficiency. Features HRC( Rockwell Hardness Scale) of 60-62 and a sharp edge which ensures maximum cutting performance and durability.
MULTI-FUNCTIONAL - The professional 8 inch chef knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks of chopping, slicing, mincing and dicing of fruit, vegetables and meat, be a multipurpose knife for professional applications. (DO NOT chop thick and hard bones like lamb or beef).
LIFETIME WARRANTY - Lifetime warranty against manufacturing defects. 100% satisfaction or full money back. Our team will help you deal with your problem or get rid of the confusion with 24 hours. This is exactly the kitchen companion you need, buy with confidence."

XYJ Brand Started in 1986, XYJ knives feature high quality, exceptional sharpness, simple design, great balance and good practicality. Following ergonomics and mechanical levers principles, we greatly improve customers’ cutting experience. XYJ knives are terrific all-rounders designed for climbing, fishing, outdoors, kitchen cooking, etc. A practical knife designed for various tasks, and get your job done quickly. XYJ amazing go-to knife, explore your journey now
Particular Design The knife made of high quality stainles steel, and its Hammer style pattern blade surface can reduce the contact between the blade and food. Adopting stonewash process, the blade surface is tough, wear-resistant, and does not reflect light
Full Tang Wood Handle The full tang pakka wood handle is firmly bolstered with 3 rivets, allowing you to use it for years to come. Ergonomically design provides a comfortable grip and agile control. There is a hanging hole at the end of the handle for easy hanging on the shelf
Multifunctional Cleaver Knife Stainless steel knife is a multifunction knife, which is designed for professional applications, suitable for cutting, dicing, slicing, chopping with vegetables, fruit, meat and bone for great addition to the kitchen, camping, and outdoor experience
Unique Knife Sheath&Whetstone&mini Knife This cooking knife set comes with knife sheath, whetstone and mini butcher knife, the sheath is use to protect your knife blade and finger, and whetstone will help you resharpen the blade and restore the sharpness after using the knife for a long time"


Japanese VG-10 core clad with 66 layers of damascus stainless steel
3.5 inch blade for off-the-board work, coring, peeling, mincing and other detailed work
Double bevel edge with a 15-degree angle on both sides
Your choice of ebony wood handle or G10 composite resin handle
Hand-wash only"

VG10 JAPANESE DAMASCUS STEEL - Manufactured with an ultra-sharp, cobalt-added, and cryogenically treated VG-10 Japanese Damascus steel cutting core at HRC 58-60 hardness, KYOKU Daimyo Series knife boasts unrivaled performance and incredible edge retention.
WELL-BALANCED DESIGN: Our Daimyo Series knife is designed to feel substantial and well-balanced in your hand but also light enough for marathon prep sessions.
DURABLE HANDLE - The meticulously constructed, triple-riveted G10 handle has gone through special treatment, making it extremely impervious to heat, cold, and moisture; accented with a mosaic pin.
SUPERIOR SHARPNESS - The ruthlessly sharp edge is handcrafted by seasoned artisans to a mirror polish at 8-12° double sided using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method; cryogenically treated for incredible hardness, flexibility, and corrosion resistance.
LIFETIME WARRANTY - Our knives come with a lifetime warranty, and we offer free exchange or return if the item is defective."

Super Sharp Damascus Knife WAK kitchen knife made from Sharpest VG-10 High Carbon Stainless Steel.The 67-layer Damascus stainless steel increases the thickness to protect the valuable VG10 cutting core steel, and also improves its sharpness, ensuring outstanding strength, stain resistance and durability. The VG10 steel outperforms AUS-10 steel in durability.
67-layer DAMASCUS Hammered Blade The 67-layer Damascus Hammered Blade is treated with liquid nitrogen in a deep freezer to enhance its hardness and flexibility. The Damascus Tsunami Rose pattern of this Japanese chef knife reflects the gorgeous craftsmanship and its luxurious identity. The hammered blade design of the Damascus knife is not just beautiful but helps to reduce drag and helps food slide off the blade.
Ergonomic Premium G10 Handle The Damascus steel chef's knife handle is made of premium G10 handle which feels substantial and smooth in the hand. It is not only elegant but comfortable to hold and reduces fatigue after long-time use.
Well Balanced Performance This Japanese chef knife is designed to feel substantial with a well-balanced weight which is easy to grip and hold in your hand. It is designed with a better cutting angle, so it’s effortless to cut various foods. Our chef knife is amazing for professional chefs or cooks with any level of experience.
Ideal High-End Gift and 100% SatisfactionThe chef knife includes a protective sheaf and comes in a luxurious gift box. It is an ideal gift for your family and friends, for Home Cooks, Professional Chef, Culinary Students and more. WAK provides customers 60-day money back policy,free replacement and lifetime guarantee.We are always here to provide you with the most satisfactory solution.Try WAK chef's knife now!"

VG10 JAPANESE DAMASCUS STEEL - Manufactured with an ultra-sharp, cobalt-added, and cryogenically treated VG-10 Japanese Damascus steel cutting core at HRC 58-60 hardness, KYOKU Daimyo Series knife boasts unrivaled performance and incredible edge retention.
WELL-BALANCED DESIGN: Our Daimyo Series knife is designed to feel substantial and well-balanced in your hand but also light enough for marathon prep sessions.
DURABLE HANDLE - The meticulously constructed, triple-riveted G10 handle has gone through special treatment, making it extremely impervious to heat, cold, and moisture; accented with a mosaic pin.
SUPERIOR SHARPNESS - The ruthlessly sharp edge is handcrafted by seasoned artisans to a mirror polish at 8-12° double sided using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method; cryogenically treated for incredible hardness, flexibility, and corrosion resistance.
LIFETIME WARRANTY - Our knives come with a lifetime warranty, and we offer free exchange or return if the item is defective."

420A Stainless Steel Blades with Friction-Reducing Color Coating
Coating Resists Corrosion and makes Cleaning Easier
Vibrant Colors
Ergonomic Handles
Hand Washing and Drying Recommended"

 SEASON CHEFS AND HOME COOKS WILL IMMEDIATELY NOTICE THE DIFFERENCE – The well weighted chef’s knife with Beautiful easy grip handle ( designed by one of our best Smith ) requires minimal effort whether you’re chopping, slicing, dicing or mincing. Grip the ergonomically designed handles comfortably with large or small hands and minimise wrist tension. The finest kitchens in the world consider a proper knife the ultimate multi-functional tool for beginner and pro cooks to strive.
 CRAFTSMANSHIP SPIRIT SHARPENED AND READY WHEN IT ARRIVES - Best Material and Strictness on Finishing, our craftsman plays an important parts on polishing, grinding and edging. Make it to be a masterpiece.12 degree blade edge that makes slicing meat, chicken, steak, and sushi / sashimi feel like slicing butter. it Can Cut Bones too.
 DAMASCUS BLADE - This knife has Stunning pattern Damascus steel blade having sharp edges for cutting, The blade is Made By 1095/15N20 ALLOY STEELS (256 true Layers) Hand forged to Beautiful Pattern. Damascus steel of this knife has high quality contents to give an excellent edge and sharp cutting abilities. Hardness of the blade of this knife is HRC 57-60 in the lab & been hand sharpened to a Sharp Edge.
 CONVENIENT TO CARRY - The butcher knife kitchen comes with an unique leather knife sheath to protect the knife blade, beautiful and more safety, and can be attached to the belt for easy carrying when using outdoor There may have a smell of the leather sheath, please hang in a ventilated place for some days when you receive it.)
 OUR TRUST - Rock-solid 100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEED, try it risk free. See why chef's around the world trust and love, The Nooraki Difference. Now you are slicing with POWER. Nooraki POWER."

Comes with Genuine goat suede leather roll bag with custom made pockets for each knife.
Natural bull horn scale with brass bolster. Each scale is bling with 2 brass pins.
Twist pattern hand forged Damascus steel up to the standard of Kitchen knife, chef knife, cleaver, slicer
Blade is made of Damascus steel by forging over 200 layers of 1095 and 15N20 high and low carbon steel"

BRAND NEW 10.50 INCHES HANDMADE DAMASCUS FULL TANG CHEF BLANK BLADE
Handmade , Forged Damascus Steel (1095 / 4340)
precise pattern , quality forge
BLANK BLADE"

Solid Built .. 10.5 inches long full tang FORGED STEEL knife . durable hard cutting edge .. professional cleaver useful for chopping and cutting vegetables meat and fruits..
7 inches long Forged Carbon Steel Blade , 4.5 inches Pakka Wood Handle ,
with leather sheath of high qulaity cow skin"

5 pieces chef knives set, overall 54 inches full tang hand forged Damascus steel blade.
Hand crafted KOW wood scale with Brass bolster. Strongly welded under scale. Scale is bling with 3 steel pins and lace inserting hole.
5 utility knives includes 12, 11, 10 and 9 Inches with 7, 6, 5 and 4 inches cutting edge blades
Comes with fine goat suede Leather roll bag with custom pocket sewn for each knife. Up to the standard of Kitchen knife, chef knife, cleaver, slicer.
Blade is made of Damascus steel by forging the 1095 and 15N20 high and low carbon steel with hundreds of layers folded Blade has been given an excellent heat treatment to get it well hardened Hardness 56 to 58 HRC."

Beautiful Rain Drop Pattern on Blade
Especially designed for Better Grip
Blade Length = 08.00 Inches, Handle Length = 04.40 inches"


The steel is a single piece of specially alloyed Chrome-Vanadium-Moly cutlery steel.
Each knife is hand forged and continues through more than thirty separate steps in the production process before completion.
The finaly polished grips are made from a robust, long-lasting plastic called Hostaform.
Ice hardened stainless steel, hand sharpened and dishwasher safe.
Made in Solingen, Germany"

KNIFE FEATURES - The professional nakiri knife with walnut handle has a knife length of 12.2-inch and a blade length of 7-inch.
RAZOR SHARP KNIFE - Thanks to VG10 Damascus steel, a blade hardness of 60±2 HRC is achieved. The professional kitchen knife made of 67 layers of coiled steel remains extra sharp.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE - Best balanced Nakiri knife best tools for larger vegetable which are often difficult to cut, like sweet potatoes or butternut squash. With ergonomically shaped walnut wood handle for fatigue-free work in the kitchen.
PERFECT GIFT: For yourself or friends, man or woman who love to cook and with heart and passion conjure a special dish.
WITH ELEGANT GIFT BOX - Thanks to the beautiful packaging, the knife can be given directly as a gift and is a great joy for every ambitious cook!"

STAINLESS STEEL Small Cleaver Knife - Classic stainless steel 7 inches chef knife is made of 100% stainless steel
EXCEPTIONAL CUT - 7"" inch Small Cleaver Knife,Perfect for carving and slicing meats,larger fruit ,boneless roasts and poultry.
Blade Material- 5cr15 High carbon stainless steel, blade thickness of 2.5 mm,with Embossed Blade surface polishing treatment finish, Stria Hammer Texture,the smooth&high quality surface of the blades is efficient and easy to clean.
Soft Grip TPR Handle - The Speciallly designed handle provides a comfortable &high grip control.
Care&Use- 100% Eco-friendly; These Knives are very sharp.Handle with care and store out of the reach of children. Use wooden or plastic chopping boards to avoid blunting the blade. Sharpen the blade edge regularly."

With a high-carbon VG-MAX steel cutting core and 34 layers of Damascus cladding, the do-it-all Shun Classic Blonde Chef's Knife is a cut above typical French kitchen knives.
The beautifully modern, D-shaped, blonde PakkaWood handle encases the full composite tang blade for balance, reducing unwanted rotation and improving grip for right and left-handed chefs alike.
The shape of a traditional Western chef knife with the profile and lightweight design of a Japanese knife provides added endurance, exquisite cutting power, and easy rocking, mincing, slicing and dicing.
Handcrafted in Japan, this kitchen knife is ground and honed to a razor sharp 16-degree edge out of the box. It’s balanced immediately forward of the bolster like most Shun knives for superior handling.
Chef or Santoku, Nakiri or Paring – Shun knives glide through food when used in a back-and-forth (locomotive) motion that applies some force parallel to what's being cut, letting the edge do the work."

[Super Sharp - Damascus Boning Knife] Made of superior Japanese VG-10 High Carbon Stainless Steel(HRC 60±2). Forged in fire knives with high-tech, Yi boning knifes for meat ensures sharpness, durable, anti-rusting, wear-resistant, stain resistant, superb edge retention, easy to clean and care.
[High Balanced - Ergonomic Handle] Yi filet knifes for meat adopt unique blue resin & wood handle - full tang structure, precise forged for durability, comfortable grip. By gently widen the knife handle design, you will not feel fatigue, also let you to enjoy your cooking.
[Multifunctional Professional Boning Knife] A perfect choice for boning knife, also can as a great steak knife. Yi japanese knife can work flexibly on many tasks like de-boning, preparing, filleting, skinning, trimming for all bony food ingredients, like steaks, turkey and fishes.
[Premium Forged Real Damascus Fillet Knife] Each knife has very clear and unique lines. Hand-polished by craftsmen with decades of experience, the knives got a delicate hammer texture. 16° double-bevel razor sharp damascus steel blade for swift and easy precision work, suitable for right and left hand.
[360 Day After-sales service] Each Damascus Kitchen Knife will be send together with exquisite gift boxes, and the quality control staff inspects carefully before shipment to ensure you get the best! To give you a pleasant shopping experience is our goal. Any questions or demands, please feel free to contact us."

Premium quality materials distilled into high-performing, no-frills bladed tools sure to get the job done right. Superior blade construction. Expertly handcrafted with ultra-sharp 7cr17mov high-carbon stainless steel. Increased carbon and chromium count for unparalleled edge retention at 57-59 HRC versus other similar Swiss competitors. Thoughtfully engineered for the chef, butcher and any other culinary professionals.
Go the distance. Knives that can take a beating and keep on performing. Boasting full tang for extra strength and durability, these knives give you the highest performance possible per dollar spent. Expertly hand-sharpened to a screamingly sharp edge at 14-15 degrees per side giving you a steeper blade edge that lasts longer over it’s competitors. Each stain and corrosion resistant blade is brought to a beautiful polish by hand before undergoing rigorous quality control tests.
Chef-Certified. The precisely engineered ABS/TPE polymer blend black ‘Crius' handle ensures a heat, cold and moisture resistant grip, and a satisfyingly secure hold - even in wet or greasy environments. Chef approved ergonomic handle design is engineered for superior hand control, agility and comfort. Perfectly balanced to minimize hand and write fatigue to endure any culinary challenge. Remain confident in your control in even the busiest of kitchens.
Built to maintain the highest of standards. The easy-clean ‘Crius’ handle is molded perfectly to the blade to prevent food or unwanted particles from entering any crevice, promising the ultimate sanitary food prep that is essential for professional kitchens. National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) certified.
Titan Forge Pro Series Promise: 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Ultimate customer service experience for the ultimate professional."

High-Carbon Stainless Steel Blade: This 8'' chef's knife blade is made from a German high-carbon stainless steel, It offers incredible strength, durability and performance. the steel contains 0.6%-0.75% carbon, making it two times as hard as other knives in its class as they .
Sturdy Design & Wood Handle: The sturdy pakka handle features an ergonomic design that minimizes wrist tension while providing a secure, comfortable grip. Even after prolonged use, your palm and wrist will not fatigue. And the handle has excellent anti-corrosive performance and it is durable and easy to clean.
Ultra Sharp Chef Knife: Sharpness is the most important feature for a meat knife. The thickness of this kitchen knife is 2mm. Its hand-polished edge is 13-15 degrees per side, Super sharp, which allows for precise cuts. Exceedingly sharp double-beveled cutting edge is long-lasting and easy to maintain.
Multi-Functional Chef Knife: This stainless steel kitchen knife is a true multi-purpose knife that can perform wide range of tasks, can be used for your daily kitchen tasks of chopping, slicing, dicing and mincing of all kinds of meat, vegetables, fruits and bread. It is suitable for both home and restaurant kitchens.
Lifetime Warranty: This Pro chef Knife with a exquisite Gift Box is very suitable as a gift to parents and friends on kinds of festivals, such as Mother's Day, Father's Day、Thanksgiving Day、Black Friday、Christmas day、New Year、Easter Day、Halloween、birthday, etc. 100% satisfaction or money back guarantee."

Heritage finish hides scratches, gives Kanso a rustic look that just improves with age
Full tang construction - Blade Steel: AUS10A—high-carbon, vanadium stainless steel
Blade length measures 5 inches; 9. 5 inches including handle.
Hand-sharpened 16 degree double-bevel blade (32 degree comprehensive)
The Kanso Steak Knife's smooth, razor-sharp edge makes a cleaner cut than most serrated knives."

CHEF KNIFE SET INCLUDED : CoBinLiy 5 piece knife set inclued 1 x 3.5 inch paring knife,1 x 5 inch utility knife, 1 x 7 inch Santoku knife, 1 x 7 inch Nakiri knife ,1 x 8 inch chef knife. (Note: for better performance, you can select different type of knives for cutting different food. )
MULTIFUNCTION KITCHEN KNIFE SET: The stainless steel knife set can easily handle your daily kitchen task for cutting, chopping, slicing, mincing, and dicing all kinds of meat, vegetables, fruits, and bread.......It promote you to start and enjoy your kitchen knife .It is your best partner for home or resturant .
SHARP BLADE EDGE : Sharpness is key point for quanlity . The Blade of this knives are made of high-carbon stainless steel,uses a V-shaped and fine processing blade. Which can maintain the incredibly sharpness of this knife even used for a long time.
ERGONOMIC PAKKAWOOD HANDLE :The handle is made of beautiful Pakka wood and riveted by pins with balde .This beautiful handle could providing a secure and comfortable grip no matter your hand size . It minimizes the wrist strength and you won't feel finger numbness even after a busy cooking . It starts your happy cooking life !
EXQUISITE GIFTS APPEARANCE: Special waved pattern blades are particularly and strikingly, with an exquisite gift box makes this cutting Knife set is an ideal choice for gifts. For any problems, please do not hesitate to contact us."

Pack of 12 steak knives with stainless steel blade and natural wood handle
Blade length: 4 inches. Total length: 8 inches
Long-lasting quality
Perfect for both home and restaurant use"

AWARD WINNING MODERN DESIGN: The minimal, modern design brings timeless style to your kitchen. Hast 8 inch serrated bread knife makes slicing bread easy, clean and satisfying.
PREMIUM POWDER STEEL: Matrix powder steel is harder, stronger and more stable than traditional stainless and high-carbon steels, the driving force of Hast knives' superior professional performance and easy maintenance.
EXCELLENT SHARPNESS : Hast bread knife has superior sharpness and excellent edge-retention, applauded by seasoned chefs and culinary experts around the world.
COMFORTABLE & STAIN-FREE: Hast knives' bolsterless handle fits into your hand perfectly, providing a stable and comfortable grip. The crevice-free blade is much easier to clean, keeping your bread fresh and clean.
LIGHTWEIGHT & GREAT BALANCE: Hast knives are engineered to be perfectly balanced. They feel lighter in your hands, ensuring swift cutting and chopping."

High Grade Damascus steel
these blades consists of layers of low carbon and high carbon (1095 and 15N20) mixture welded
56 to 58 HRC
The High Grade Damascus steel used for these blades consists of layers of low carbon and high carbon (1095 and 15N20) mixture welded, forged and hammered several times to obtain Up to 200 Layers. The hardness of these blades is up to 56 to 58 HRC on the Rockwell scale providing sharp edges that are designed for lots of use. Precision heat treating methods are employed to provide the sharpest, most enduring edges available. Only quality materials have been used to create this beautiful Knife.
How to care for your new knives: - Store in a dry place, moisture encourages rust. Damascus is very easy to clean if rusted but is rust resistant. - After use, wash and dry the blade and apply vegetable oil, or any food safe lubricating oil.
Number of pieces: 7
Blade material type: Alloy Steel"

"Thick stainless steel blades are extra durable
Ergonomic ash wood handle
Extremely sharp
Hand wash only"

Culinary Perfection: Combining expert and handcrafted woodwork with outstanding and award-winning blade design, cutting-edge breakthrough technology, awe-inspiring design, and the absolute best materials available. Premium Acacia wood block and Japanese high-carbon AUS-10V super steel blades. Peak performance never looked so good to you or your wallet.
Unrivalled Performance: Includes: Shogun Series X 8” Chef Knife, Shogun Series X 7"" Santoku, Shogun Series X 6"" Utility Knife, Shogun Series X 8"" Bread Knife & Shogun Series X 3.75” Paring Knife, (4) Shogun Series 5"" Steak Knives. Ruthlessly sharp scalpel like edge is hand finished to a mirror polish at 8-12° per side using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method. Nitrogen cooled for enhanced harness, flexibility and corrosion resistance.
Dalstrong Power: Featuring ultra sharp AUS-10V Vacuum Heat Treated Japanese super steel cutting core at 62+ Rockwell hardness: extraordinary performance and edge retention. 67 layers of premium high-carbon stainless steel layers ensure exceptional strength, durability and stain resistance. Perfectly balanced. Dalstrong's stunning 'tsunami-rose' genuine Damascus layers.
Engineered to Perfection: Ultra-premium G-10 handle is military grade with life-long durability. Hand polished, the ergonomic handle shape is engineered for superior control, agility and comfort while the blade's spine is made smooth for a natural 'pinch grip’. Matching stainless steel Dalstrong plates on either side of the block further enhance this sets aesthetic and distinction. The Shogun Series X 5-piece Block Set handsomely keeps your most trusted and versatile knives proudly on display.
Dalstrong Trust: Rocksolid 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Renowned Dalstrong customer service. See why chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Dalstrong Difference'. Dalstrong luxury packaging. Now you are slicing with POWER. Dalstrong POWER!"

[Premium VG-10 Damascus Knife Set] Made of VG-10 Japanese High Carbon Stainless Steel(HRC 60±2). Forged in fire knives with high-tech, Yi kitchen knife set provides exceptional sharpness, flexibility, rustproof, wear-resistant, superb edge retention, easy to clean and care.
[High Balanced - Ergonomic Handle] Yi Japanese Knife Set adopts delicate blue resin & wood handle. Yi knives set for kitchen provides comfortable grip - well balanced. Each cooking knife handle is designed to be slightly widened at the point where it meets the blade to protect the fingers.
[Multifunctional Professional Kitchen Knife] An ideal chef knife set for you to complete your kitchen tasks, such as cutting, mincing, dicing and slicing breads, fruits, vegetables, meats and more. A kitchen gifts for any food lover, home cook, pro chef, commis chef, trainee culinary student.
[Premium Forged Real Damascus Knife] Each of chef knife has very clear and unique lines. Hand-polished by craftsmen with decades of experience, the knives got a delicate hammer texture. 16° double-bevel razor sharp damascus steel blade for swift and easy precision work, suitable for right and left hand.
[360 Day After-sales service] Each Damascus Kitchen Knife will be send together with exquisite gift boxes, and the quality control staff inspects carefully before shipment to ensure you get the best! To give you a pleasant shopping experience is our goal. Any questions or demands, please feel free to contact us."

1: Very sharp Chinese vegetable knife and meat cleaner: This chef's knife is made of pure hand forging and quenching, making the blade sharp and durable. This kitchen knife is suitable for slicing, slicing and chopping any vegetables or meat.
2: Select high-carbon steel materials to ensure that the kitchen knife has extraordinary strength, durability and pollution resistance. Forged kitchen choppers and vegetable knives have high hardness, strong wear resistance, good texture, strong corrosion resistance, good mechanical properties and long life.
3: The edge is thin, sharp and durable, easy to polish. The hand-made comfortable handle is comfortable, non-slip, and labor-saving. If you need to cut frozen food, defrost and thaw frozen food, then use this knife to cut frozen food.
4: 100% satisfaction or money-back guarantee, worry-free trying on. We guarantee high-quality products and will provide you with a lifelong model service. We are committed to providing customers with quality products and friendly services.
5: We are a century-old enterprise specializing in the production of traditional hand-forged kitchen knives. With all the qualities of high-quality knives, it is more traditional"

model number OVD-11"

SUPERIOR STEEL - Manufactured with an ultra-sharp and cryogenically treated steel cutting core at HRC 56-58 hardness, KYOKU Samurai Series knife boasts unrivaled performance and incredible edge retention
ERGONOMIC & WELL-BALANCED - Ergonomically designed, the narrow and slightly curved blade helps alleviate fatigue and finger pains from long periods of slicing or chopping, perfectly blending performance and comfort
DURABLE HANDLE - The meticulously constructed, triple-riveted Pakkawood handle has gone through special treatment, making it extremely impervious to heat, cold, and moisture.; accented with a mosaic pin
SHARP BLADE W/ HOLLOW EDGE DESIGN - The ruthlessly sharp edge is handcrafted by seasoned artisans to a mirror polish and painstakingly manufactured for incredible hardness, flexibility, and corrosion resistance
LIFETIME WARRANTY - Our knives come with a lifetime warranty, and we offer free exchange or return if the item is defective"

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece, hot-drop hammer forged, which produces the strongest blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 57-58.
The three-step, 15 degree “Elite” edge is hand stropped on a cloth wheel, creating the sharpest possible cutting surface on an edged tool.
The bolsterless heel simplifies all cutting, sharpening & honing tasks, making use of the entire blade from heel to tip.
Handcrafted in the historic cutlery capital of Solingen, Germany.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

SHARP BLADE MATERIAL - Made with 67 layers damascus steel, VG-10 cutting core, HRC 60-62 hardness for exceptional sharpness, edge retention. Elegant hammered blade with stylish and functional design, can eliminate friction and keep food from sticking to the blade.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE - Ergonomic handle shape is engineered for superior control, agility and comfort, hand polished, achieving highly impervious to heat, cold, moisture.
SUPERIOR SHARPNESS - Seek design creates unmatched control and minimal slicing resistance. No tearing or squishing, only ruthless efficiency. Features HRC( Rockwell Hardness Scale) of 60-62 and a sharp edge which ensures maximum cutting performance and durability.
MULTI-FUNCTIONAL - The professional 8 inch chef knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks of chopping, slicing, mincing and dicing of fruit, vegetables and meat, be a multipurpose knife for professional applications.
LIFETIME WARRANTY - Every damascus knife is backed by superior quality and under strict quality inspection. Our aim is 100% satisfied customers. Return it anytime and get a full refund when you are not happy with our damascus knife."

1)KNIFE SHARPENER: The sharpener will contain a diamond or tungsten carbide abrasive disc for sharpening. A knife is pulled out of the light through the grinding wheel at a preset angle using guides that keep the knife angle fairly constant as it is pulled through the whetstone. Usually four to six shots of the blade are enough to keep it well polished.
2)LAYERS DAMASCUS STEEL BLADE: 10Cr15CoMoV is used for high carbon steel core for showing its excellence in sharpness and durability so you can easily perform various difficult tasks. The blade is composed of 73 layers of Damascus steel to maintain the high quality of Markhor knives.
3)ALL IN ONE MULTI-FUNCTIONAL KNIFE SET: The Markhor Knives is a set of 5 knives which can be used as a chef’s knife, paring knife, Utility knife, boning knife, carving knife, slicing knife, Butcher knife and Bread knife. The knives that reflects beauty of your kitchen and made you feel proud in front of your loved ones.
4)RED AND BROWN PAKKAWOOD HANDLE: Pakkawood is an engineered wood, but it is loved by everyone as it is denser and more durable compared to real wood. It is synthetic wood and it is also available in a wide range of colors, so having this type of wood knife in your hand feels like you already have won all the things. It is also known by many names such as stamina wood, color wood, and dymonwood.
5)LEATHER COVER: This is a travel bag for storing and organizing your knives or other tools. Keep tools clean and safe. Lightweight and portable, convenient for carrying all the tools you need when on the go. Made of high-quality material, it is durable for long time use. Portable and light, simple and functional, ideal for craftsmen. Keep pocket knives, carving knives, or other tools in place. Perfect for easy storage in your bag when on the go."

 Multi-Functional Chef Knife - This beautiful kiritsuke knife is extremely sharp and can stay sharp for a long time, and rarely requires sharpening. It's effortless for chopping, slicing and cutting any fruit, fish, meat, sushi and vegetables. You can handle most of the tasks in kitchen with this beautiful Japanese kiritsuke knife
 Excellent Kitchen Knife - The professional kiritsuke knife is made of premium high carbon stainless steel (Hardness up to 58HRC) , It's one of the hardest stainless steels. At the same time, which has excellent wear resistance, ultra sharp edge and perfect curvature(13°), to meet all the chef’s requirement for a knife
 Exquisite Ergonomically Handle - The perfect design of ergonomic makes you feel effortless to work in the kitchen. Each Kiritsuke knife is carefully machined and forged using multiple processes to achieve the optimal balance. Even if use this knife for a long time, you won't feel tired and uncomfortable no matter your hand size, right & left handed
 Great Gifts Choices - Exquisite MAPLE & RESIN HANDLE and unique frosted beach grain knife surface, legant gift box with a magnetic close and gorgeous appearance, it is a deal gift for both every home chef and professionals looking forward to on special holidays
 Trusted Service - Zlatko offers customers a free-worry 180-day refund policy, lifetime warranty. We are always here to provide you with the most complete solution. Your choice is our infinite power"

Total length 12 Inches - Blade Length 7.00 Inches- Handle Length Inches - Rose Wood & Olive Wood handle - Blade Width 3.40 Inches with amazing hand work on the cleaver top quality balanced cleaver knife.
Our all items are 100% handmade and authentic damascus steel 100% , transportation is almost through DHL or UPS - If you have any questions about our item, please contact us.
Better quality of the sharp edge of the blade guaranteed , perfect grip , quality finishes , hard edge and cutting, the cutting edge to keep after the rough and tough use , great work of art for a perfect poison knife as well as fully functional.
Quality material used 1095 / 15N20 alloy steels (352 true layers). hardness of the blade of this knife is HRC 58-60.
Hands of durable high quality leather sheath included cowhide."

DESIGNED FOR ""THE CHEF'S GRIP"": Peek inside a chef’s knife hand and you will find a patch of calloused skin on the base of the index finger. That’s because of the “chef’s grip”, professional cooks hold a knife in such a manner that the index finger rubs against the upper edge of the blade.
UNIQUE KNIFE HANDLE: This is an innovative secret behind our knives from PS: With the help of outstanding chefs and designers we were able to create a unique handle/blade that spares index fingers during long working hours. Try it!
ERGONOMIC DESIGN: The rounded blade of the knife results in a smooth motion when chopping. There is no repeated, irritating “thunk” when the cutting motion is carried through.
OPTIMAL KNIFE HARDNESS: Softer steel is more forgiving if you cut into bone or bend the blade, but harder steel can be honed to greater sharpness. The steel in PS knives is medium hard, 56-58 HRC.
BLADE MADE FROM 85% RECYCLED STEEL: At Professional Secrets we are passionate about only having the best raw materials possible in the kitchen – this applies to the Sandvik steel in our knives, too. It is a sustainable material with a long lifecycle. What's more, the steel in our knives is recycled to about 8"

Unique Edge Geometry
Stain-Free, Steel Blade
State-of-the-Art Handle Design"

TAKING MEAT PROCESSING TO A NEW LEVEL: The most Versatile Safe 6inch Boning Knife that you will Ever Own! Great for delicate work, Fillets, Joint Work & Processing Off the Bone – whether you are breaking down a Whole Chicken, trimming Silver Skin & Fat off a Brisket, processing Venison, Butcher Hog, Cutting, Fillet, Skinning Fish or Separating Ribs from Pork Loin – this is the No.1 Knife for You! Hollow-Ground for Buttery Smooth Slicing.
PREMIUM 5Cr15Mov STAINLESS STEEL – BUILT TO LAST: 5Cr15Mov Stainless Steel by real handmade forging, Tsunami Rose Damascus Pattern, Liquid Nitro Cooling giving an Incredible Rockwell Hardness HRC 60. What this means for you - You get Sharpness, Edge Retention PLUS Stain and Rust Resistance so you can Trim & Prepare your Meat with minimal Prep time like a Pro Chef giving you more time to enjoy the good Family meal. Chefs Choice!
STUNNING TRIPLE RIVETED, ROUNDED HANDLE: This is what Differentiates LIUZHANGYU Knives from the Competition – Our Handles Were Built with YOU in mind! A high-quality Rosewood Black Handle Triple Riveted to the Forged Full Tang for Extra Strength & Durability, Tastefully Adorned with the LIUZHANGYU Classic 3-Metal Mosaic Rivet. Ergonomically Designed -ROUNDED- Handles to ensure a Secure and Comfortable Grip! RARE Tapered Bolster for Extreme Comfort, Perfect Balance!
UNRIVALED PERFORMANCE, RUTHLESSLY SHARP: Hand Finished using the Traditional 3-Step Honbazuke Method this 6” Gokujo Filet Knife Blade has an Incredible 12 degree pro razor edge per Side, Mirror Polished Cutting Angle Ensuring Maximum Sharpness & Safety. You get Effortless Slicing of Meat, Fish – Sushi & More bringing Excitement back to Cooking! The Butchers 6-inch stiff de-boning Ikon Carving Steak Knife – whether Butchering, Fishing, Hunting or Kitchen work – this is the Best for You
100% SATISFACTION or MONEY BACK GUARANTEE - TRY IT RISK FREE: Lifetime Warranty against Manufacturing Defects (only if purchased direct from 'LIUZHANGYU' - check ""sold by LIUZHANGYU""). Our Fish Filleting Knifes have been built with Perfection in Mind. Ideal Multipurpose Cutlery Gift (Christmas, Weddings, Birthdays, Fathers Day, Mothers Day), for Home Cooks, Professional Chef’s, Culinary Students and more. You can't lose. Limited Supply, Order Now before they are Sold Out!"

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, X50CrMoV15 German Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. HRC 58 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
Set includes: 8"" chef's knife and a 3.5"" paring knife.
This set of essential kitchen cutlery is an excellent starter set for new cooks in the kitchen.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

QUALITY COMBINATION10"" chef knife makes up and down cutting movements with a longer cutting range. /8.5"" kiritsuke knife is often used to cut large veggie and fruits, as an auxiliary chef's knife. If you need to make some home-cooked dishes, or like to make salads, this is a good cutlery combination.
COMFORTABLE HANDLEThe handle of the kitchen knife is made of gentle Pakkawood, and the shape fits the palm of the left or right hand, which improves the comfort of the grip in daily use, making it easier for you to cut food.
PREMIUM STEELMade of German HC stainless steel, the blade of falcon knife have excellent performance in rust, corrosion and discoloration resistance, these advantages greatly enhance the cost performance of the knife.
SHARP EDGEEach edge of our blade is up to 8-12 degree. It can provide you effortlessly cutting due to its razor sharp edge, and it can keep its sharp in a long way cause its high quality steel.
TRUSTED SERVICEWe provide high-quality customer service, including lifetime warranty. Each tuo knife will be equipped with an exquisite box, which not only can be used for yourself, but also as a unique gift choice for your family or friends."

420 stainless steel blade
6"" blade
Soft grip handle
Sheath"

Contoured handles for comfortable grip
Includes wooden box holder (color may vary) great for gift giving
Signature Bee on Handle
Hand crafted in Tiers, France."

Sharp knife blade The serbian chopping knife adopts high quality stainless steel, not easy to rust. The super sharp V-blade enables smooth and clean cuts for a long term. The hole in the blade can let your index finger pass through and hold it tight, thus it’s more effort saving
Full tang wood handle The full tang pakka wood handle is firmly bolstered with 3 rivets, allowing you to use it for years to come. Ergonomically design provides a comfortable grip and agile control. There are holes at the end of the handle and on the blade for easy hanging on the shelf
Non-stick blade Hammer style pattern blade surface can reduce the contact between the blade and food. Adopting stonewash process, the blade surface is tough, wear-resistant, and does not reflect light
Multipurpose knife The knife is suitable for professional applications which include chopping, slicing, dicing, mincing vegetables, meat, fish, fruit, etc. Suitable for both right and left hands
Practical gift Come with a mini whetstone, which will help you resharpen the blade and restore the sharpness after using the knife for a long time"

Classic Kitchen 6-Piece Set The professional kitchen knife set contains all the basic components and is designed for kitchen tasks. 8-inch Chef Knife, 8 inch Bread knife,7-inch Santoku knife, 7-inch Nakiri knife, 5-inch Santoku knife, 3.5-inch Fruit knife.
Ultra-Sharp EDGEEach knife blade is made of Japanese 7CR17 440C High Carbon Stainless Steel - rust and stain resistant - Simulated Damascus Laser Pattern design - each comes with a knife sheath
ERGONOMIC RESIN HANDLE Imported resin is strictly selected for the handle material. It is well designed ergonomically for efficient cutting and a non-slip and comfortable grip.
EASY TO MAINTAIN Hand wash with warm water and a mild detergent; rinse and dry immediately. Since most dishwashers are extremely abrasive, we recommend hand washing.
GIFTED & EXCELLENT SERVICEXITUO Chef's knives set comes with protective sheaths, ideal for family and friends as a gift. Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions during use."


PERFECTED CHEF KNIFEThis chef's knife has been the top choice of both home chefs and professionals alike.The pro kitchen cooking knife is designed to be a combination of simple beauty and practical functionality. It made of German stainless steel, this strong design ensures good strength, flexibility, and durability that cuts with ease and efficiency.
ULTRA-SHARP EDGESharpness is key to achieving the best cuts .We reached the great results in providing the best sharpness of our knives on the market. The professional knife blade polishing makes this chef's knife be more sharper than others, and it has been proven its ability to withstand the rigors of tough restaurant use,such as cutting tough meat or removing flesh from bones.The thickness of this kitchen knife is 2mm, which is ideal to do the job well.
Multi-Functional Kitchen KnifeThis chef's knife is very suitable as vegetable kitchen knife, meat kitchen knife, cooking kitchen knife, chopping knife, pairing knife, fruit knife and so on.This sharp knife can be used for your daily kitchen tasks of chopping, slicing, dicing, and mincing of all kinds of meat, vegetables, fruits, and bread. Fit for all tasks,designed to handle kitchen tasks both big and small.
ERGONOMIC DESIGNEvery curve and angle of the handle is ergonomically designed for a comfortable and ambidextrous hold,ensures a proper balance between the handle and the thin blade, ensuring ease of movement,minimize any fatigue, finger numbness or aches.
EXCELLENT GIFTThis pro sharp chef knife is elegant in an Leather case which is seamlessly contoured with the knife’s shape. This chef knife would be a great present for parents, wife, husband, friends and any others that like cooking."

COOK LIKE A MASTER CHEF : Glides right through meats, veggies, fruits, and herbs - you won't believe how much time you'll save in the kitchen with the Brigade Paring Knife. A VG10 steel core with 67 layers of Damascus steel (that's a mouthful) makes this knife durable, rust resistance, and sharp for years to come.
WHAT IS IT GOOD FOR : Cut time off kitchen prep with a knife that effortlessly glides through meat, veggies, fruits, and herbs. The paring knife is designed for all of those intricate details that come with cooking. Peeling the skin off an orange, dicing a tomato, supreming a grapefruit. Control, precision, and sharpness - think of the paring knife as your SEAL Team (you know, if the enemy is a grapefruit)
WHY THE BLADE DETAILS?: You may think that the detailing in Brigade knives is just for show, but there's a method to the madness. Each wave in the blade is a microlayer of VG10 stainless steel. This allows us to control the hardness of the blade. A hardened core provides for superior edge retention, while the outer layers are designed for corrosion resistance. Buying a sharp and shiny knife is easy, but buying a knife that keeps its edge and luster? That's why you join the Brigade.
HANDLES MATTER: The blade of this kitchen knife is integrated into a composite handle, making it virtually imposible to separate and dishwasher friendly. The handle shape and balance makes this knife easy to maneuver and comfortable in your hand.
60-DAY [NO HASSLE] MONEY BACK GUARANTEE  As a leading USA-based brand, we stand behind everything we make and are committed to providing you with premium products. In the unlikely event you change your mind, you’re welcome to return your products for a FULL refund within the first 60 days after purchase."


HIGHEST QUALITY: This specialized type of paring knife has pointed tip that curves downward best for cut decorative garnishes, slice soft fruits, or to remove skins and blemishes.
RAZOR SHARP KNIFE - Thanks to VG10 Damascus steel, a blade hardness of 60±2 HRC is achieved. The professional kitchen knife made of 67 layers of coiled steel is & remains extra sharp. The feather grain gives the blade a very special look
ERGONOMIC HANDLE - Best balanced paring knife best for chopping, slicing, and peeling small, soft fruits such as apples and citrus fruits, as well as vegetables, chopping herbs, deveining prawns, and scraping seeds. With ergonomically shaped pakka wood for fatigue-free work in the kitchen.
PERFECT GIFT: For yourself or friends, man or woman who love to cook and with heart and passion conjure a special dish.
WITH ELEGANT GIFT BOX - Thanks to the beautiful packaging, the knife can be given directly as a gift and is a great joy for every ambitious cook!"

chef cleaver knife, Damascus knife, Kitchen knife, cleaver knife
Beautiful Knife
Sharp Edge Blade
Especially designed for Better Grip"

Premium Damascus Steel: Imported Japanese AUS-10 premium DAMASCUS steel as the core of the blade, incorporated with another 66 layers of premium high carbon stainless steel, all of these ensures this sharp Chef knife with a high level of rust-resistance, wear-resistance and long-lasting performance. Hardness of the core blade reaches to HRC 62.Perfectly balanced, the precisely tapered blade minimizes surface resistance for buttery smooth cut through and enhanced non-stick properties.
Multi-purpose Kitchen Knife:This petty small knife is a multipurpose kitchen knife. This utility knife is nimble enough for almost all kinds of slicing dicing and mincing, easily to re-sharpen, clean and maintain. It truly is an ideal Gift for any Home or Professional Cook.
Beautiful Comfortable Ergonomic Handle:Beautiful purple honeycomb pattern aluminium handle, it is near impervious to heat, cold and moisture. Ergonomic Handle will bring you a superior hand control, agility and comfort. Never fatigue because of prolonged use caused to the palm or wrist. It is a perfect chef knife for people who frequently use for cooking or who like the kitchen.
Size:Full Length:23.8cm,Handle Length:11cm,Blade Length:12.8cm Weight:92.7g
Exquisite Gift Box:This 5 inch Damascus utility knife with a exquisite Gift Box is very suitable as a gift to parents and friends on kinds of festivals, such as Mother's Day, Father's Day、Thanksgiving Day、Black Friday、Christmas day、New Year、Easter Day、Halloween、birthday, etc."

Handle colour: yellow
Blade length: 18 cm"

The steel is a single piece of specially alloyed Chrome-Vanadium-Moly cutlery steel.
Hand forged continued through more than forty separate steps in the production process before completion.
The grip scales are crafted from very hard 100-200 years old olive wood which resists moisture and exhibits a beatiful grain giving each knife a special elegance all its own
Handles are not diswasher safe.
Made in Solingen, Germany"

The steel is a single piece of specially alloyed Chrome-Vanadium-Moly cutlery steel.
Hand forged continued through more than forty separate steps in the production process before completion.
The grip scales are crafted from very hard 100-200 years old olive wood which resists moisture and exhibits a beatiful grain giving each knife a special elegance all its own
Handles are not diswasher safe.
Made in Solingen, Germany"

KNIFE FEATURES - The professional Boning knife with olive wood handle has a knife length of 10.2-inch and a blade length of 5.5-inch.
RAZOR KNIFE SHARP - Thanks to AUS10 Damascus steel, a blade hardness of 60 HRC is achieved. The professional kitchen knife is & remains extra sharp.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE - Best balanced Damascus knife for meat, fish, fruit, vegetables and fine cuts. With ergonomically shaped wooden olive handle for fatigue-free work in the kitchen.
PERFECT AS A GIFT - The Damascus professional knife is a visual highlight and not only the perfect gift idea for the barbecue season, also a special gift for all knife lovers!
WITH Elegant GIFT BOX - Thanks to the beautiful packaging, the knife can be given away directly and is a great joy for every ambitious cook!"

The steel is a single piece of specially alloyed Chrome-Vanadium-Moly cutlery steel.
Hand forged continued through more than forty separate steps in the production process before completion.
The grip scales are crafted from very hard 100-200 years old olive wood which resists moisture and exhibits a beatiful grain giving each knife a special elegance all its own
Handles are not diswasher safe.
Made in Solingen, Germany"

KNIFE FEATURES - The professional Allzweckfmesser with G10 handle has a blade length of 24.00 cm and a pure blade length of 12.50 cm.
RAZOR SHARP - Thanks VG10 Damascus a blade hardness of 60 ± 2 HRC is achieved. The professional kitchen knife and remains extra spicy.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE - Best-balanced utility knife with ergonomic handle G10 for fatigue-free working in the kitchen.
PERFECT AS GIFT - The utility knife is the perfect gift idea for Christmas. The Damascene professional knife is a special Christmas gift for men, women and knife lovers!
WITH PRECIOUS GIFT - Thanks to the beautiful packaging, the knife can give directly and is a great joy for any aspiring chef!"

RAZOR SHARP - Thanks to VG10 Damascus steel, a blade hardness of 60±2 HRC is achieved. The professional kitchen knife is and remains extra sharp even with frequent use
KNIFE FEATURES - 6 Damascus steak knives with Olive wood handles, knife length 9.8-inch, blade length 4.9-inch, grinding angle 15° degrees
ERGONOMIC HANDLE - Best balanced Damascus knife set for meat, fish, fruit, vegetables, sushi, sashimi and fine cuts. Each kitchen knife with ergonomically shaped Olive wood handle for fatigue-free slicing and cutting in the kitchen.
PERFECT AS A GIFT: These Damascus professional knives are a visual highlight and not only the perfect gift idea for the barbecue season, also a special gift for all chefs and knife lovers!
WITH EDGE GIFT BOX - Thanks to the beautiful packaging, the knife can be given away directly and is a great joy for every ambitious cook! Also for safe storage of the steak knife set, secure storage and perfectly completed look of high-end Damascus knife from Wakoli."

General-purpose small kitchen knife, used at many home settings, excellent for cutting small ingredients.
Miniaturized Gyuto knife, easy to handle, excellent for peeling fruit or vegetable skins, such as lemons and apples, removing hulls, and decorative cutting.
When people go to buy a knife for their home use, the first thing that comes to mind is most likely stainless steel.There are indeed some merits associated with stainless steel knives. Rust resistance is top on the list for these merits. They are low maintenance and can be used for a long period of time. In fact, there are various grades and types of stainless steel used in kitchen knives, and professionals pay close attention to the type of stainless steel used in the knives they purchase.
Blade length : 120mm / Blade : Stainless Steel, Handle : Wood (Shiraki)
Seki city is known for its cutlery industry and manufactures the majority of cutlery, such as kitchen knives, Japanese swords, pocket knives, scissors, letter openers, etc., within the nation. The Seki cutlery is famous for its high quality not only domestically but also overseas. These strong and precise knives are made one by one by Japanese craftsmen."

DOUBLE-EDGED BLADE & FULL TANG: Our Damascus knife is a Double-edged blade so that it fits both left-handed and right-handed persons.Total Length 11.4 Inch - The blade is 7 inches long, Handle 4.4 Inches Approx.Rain Drop Pattern Blade Full Tang.
All Our Items Are 100% Handmade And 100% Original Damascus Steel - If you have any type of question about our item please contact us.Amazing Art on the Knives.Balanced Knives.
BEST FOR CUTTING - SLICING - MINCING & DICING: The professional Chef Knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks - designed for cutting, slicing - mincing and dicing of fruit - vegetables and meat.It is very easy for you to crush food like garlic - ginger and tomato - etc etc. Makes you enjoy the kitchen life and experience endless fun- best gift for your family and friends.
A SUPER STRENGTH BLADE BUILT TO LAST: Our unique curved Quality Material Used 1095/15N20 ALLOY STEELS.Hardness of the blade of this knife is HRC 58-60.Damascus blade has a super strength core and is sheathed in (352 true Layers) of Damascus steel to add additional strength and protect your knife. The blade is curved offering a Rock and Cut motion.
MONEY BACK GUARANTEE - 100% SATISFACTION: Our Knives have been built with Perfection in Mind. Ideal Multipurpose Cutlery Gift (Christmas, Weddings, Birthdays, Fathers Day, Mothers Day), You can't lose. Limited Supply, Order Now before they are Sold Out. Great piece of art for a perfect gift knife as well as fully functional. Buy With Confidence."

Sturdy, durable Knife: OMMO 8 inch Chef Knife is made of High Carbon Stainless Steel, and the precise quenching process makes chef knives particularly strong (55±2HRC), perfect for long term use in family kitchen or restaurant.
 Ultra Sharp & Thin Blade: Sharpened by skilled workers keep the best curvature (13°-15 °) of each knife’s edge, which can move through veggies, fruits, and herbs easily and quickly, the evenly thin blade (2 mm) can cut meat easily like butter. With traditional wet sharpens technique keeps the kitchen knife within 1-3 months without more extra sharpen.
 Multi-Purpose Chef Knife: Low-temperature annealing makes the kitchen knife’s blade durable and flexible. Suitable for chopping herbs, cutting vegetables, slicing and dicing fish and meat. Can be used in circular, rocking, and chopping motions. Cutting like a master chef will bring you more joy in cooking!
 Perfect Balance and Comfortable: OMMO professional chef knife with ergonomic three-clip Pakka wood handle is comfort and maneuverability. Solid steel at the with no adulteration to keep the best position for the center of gravity, let your work in a busy kitchen without effort.
 Fancy Appearance: Beautiful laser Damascus texturing knife with upscale and firm box, which is your best choice for a wonderful gift on kinds of festivals. Are you searching for a gift for family or friends? just buy it!"

Kasumi 10-inch serrated bread knife
Damascus pattern is eye catching and rust free
The edge is beveled on both sides, but the bevel is much larger than the bevel on a European or American brand and creates a sharper edge
The asymmetrical handle is made from multiple layers of wood impregnated with a plastic resin and is riveted to the full tang
Kasumi knives are produced by Sumikama Cutlery in Seki, Japan"

Perfect Knife Set:- This Japanese knife set includes just about every knife a home chef would want as well as it includes a leather bag to carry them around. The ice hardened 12C27 blade starts sharper, stay sharper longer, and have remarkable chip and corrision resistance. The blend of premium steel boast strength and sharpeness.
Specification:- Knife4U Japanese knife set is exclusively forged using high quality 12C27 Stainless Steel which is a great steel for everyday use and an excellent hardness of HRC 60+ you can definitely enjoy cooking.
Comfort and Design:- We design our knives to show special beauty of chef knives while focusing on comfortability and efficiency for every day che. The ergonomically traditional Japanese handle design provide you with a safe and comfortable grip minimizing fatigue of the wrist.
Leather Bag:- Our genuine leather bag has been designed to with stand years of knifes wear and tear with each knife having its own pocket that is double padded to avoid knife piercing through. This knife roll leather bag has a comfortable shoulder strap and an ergonomic handle. It is actually a perfect travel and storage case for your knives.
Beautiful Pattern:- The special acid etched pattern blade is particularly and strikingly beautiful which makes it a great gift for Chefs, cooks, Mom, Dad, Men, Women, Husband, Boyfriend, etc."

W Trading- Hand made damascus steel Steak knife 4Pcs set one of a kind, Complete kitchen Dinning solution. Fixed by Brass rivets and mosaic pin,
Offered by W Trading for kitchen, Camping and Hunting consisting of wood handle
TO PROTECT YOUR DAMASCUS STEAK KNIFES SET, BE SURE TO CLEAN WITH A CLOTH and APPLY VEGETABLE OIL AFTER EACH USE. DON'T LET IT WET FOR LONG TIME. STORE IT OILED ALL THE TIME
Blade material type: Alloy Steel"


Sakai Takyuki 33 Layers 8 cm. VG10 Paring Knife
Made In Japan"

Damascus Professional kitchen/BBQ knives set with Leather Roll Kit
Consist on 4 knives plus one knives sharpening rod and carrier leather kit.
Damascus Twisted with 176 Layers and 55 to 58 HRC.
Handles made of OliveWood"

Revolutionary FC61 steel core features fine carbide distribution and is protected by a durable 48 layers of damast steel
Fine carbide distribution creates a razor-sharp and durable blade with a 61 Rockwell hardness
Double ice-hardened FRIODUR blade offers remarkable durability and cutting edge retention
Blade is hand-honed using the historic Honbazuke method to an exceptionally sharp 9.5 to 12 degrees
Authentic, thin Japanese blade profile"

Handle constructed of 18/10 stainless steel
Blade is made of high-quality Japanese 301 steel
Hand forged welded using Japanese techniques
Wash with Warm water and hand Dry after every use (see next section for more information)"

VG10 JAPANESE DAMASCUS STEEL - Manufactured with an ultra-sharp, cobalt-added, and cryogenically treated VG-10 Japanese Damascus steel cutting core at HRC 58-60 hardness, KYOKU Shogun Series knife boasts unrivaled performance and incredible edge retention.
WELL-BALANCED DESIGN: Our Shogun Series knife is designed to feel substantial and well-balanced in your hand but also light enough for marathon prep sessions.
DURABLE HANDLE - The meticulously constructed, triple-riveted G10 handle has gone through special treatment, making it extremely impervious to heat, cold, and moisture; accented with a mosaic pin.
SUPERIOR SHARPNESS - The ruthlessly sharp edge is handcrafted by seasoned artisans to a mirror polish at 8-12° double sided using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method; cryogenically treated for incredible hardness, flexibility, and corrosion resistance.
LIFETIME WARRANTY - Our knives come with a lifetime warranty, and we offer free exchange or return if the item is defective."

HIGH-QUALITY CHEFS KNIFE This Japanese Santoku knife has proven its ability to withstand rigorous tough restaurant and home use. The Kitchen knife is composed of High Carbon Stainless Steel that provides durablility.
ULTRA-SHARP BLADE The sharp edges of the blade even allow you to cut stubborn food effortlessly. The rust-resistant Damascus chef knife has excellent edge retention. For best results, keep the Japanese knife dry and clean after use.
MULTI-PURPOSE USE Japanese chef knife is nimble enough for all kinds of slicing dicing and mincing, easy to re-sharpen, clean and maintain. Perfectly used as a sushi knife, cooking knife.
EASY TO HOLD The edges of Packwood handle are specifically designed to comfort hands during rigorous use.
PERFECT GIFT ITEM FOR CHEFS The package comes in an attractive gift box. Very suitable gift for your chef friend, mom or Partner"

PROFESSIONAL SANTOKU KNIFE: This Sharp Santoku Knife is made of high grade stainless steel that resists rust, corrosion, and discoloration. It can be used for your daily kitchen tasks of chopping, slicing, dicing, and mincing of all kinds of meat, vegetables, fruits, and bread. It is suitable for both home and restaurant kitchens.
ULTRA-SHARP EDGE: Sharpness is key. The professional knife blade polishing makes this Laguiole knife be more sharper than others, and it has been proven its ability to withstand the rigors of tough restaurant use. The thickness of this kitchen knife is 2.5mm. Its hand-polished edge is 15-18 degrees per side, which is sturdy and sharp to get the job done perfectly.
HOLLOW SCALLOP DESIGN: The 7-inch santoku chef knife scalloped hollow edge is add gap between the knife blade and the material being cut, keeping things from sticking to the knife blade, special for slicing, dicing, and mincing.
THE PERFECT GIFT: The knife comes in a high-quality black gift box, making it the perfect gift for whoever you love.
ERGONOMIC DESIGN, SHARPNESS & DURABILITY: This lightweight yet extra durable knife has a high tensile and impact resistance. With a fine sharp blade and ergonomic handle, this knife offers unparalleled comfort and precise control while slicing and dicing, which is bound to make any cooking enthusiast fall instantly in love with it."

Authentic, heirloom-quality Laguiole steak knives
High performance Sandvik stainless steel blades
Each piece is a unique work of art, handmade by a single craftsman
Made near the village of Laguiole, in the region of Aubrac, France"

The Ultimate Chef’s Knife - No kitchen is complete without the proper tools, and the Gyuto is an indispensable piece of cutlery; Treat yourself or someone you love to one of the very best cooking knives available, and experience a true masterpiece of craftsmanship
A True Multipurpose Knife - The Gyuto is the Japanese version of the classic Western Chef’s knife; It can be used for a variety of different cutting techniques to achieve a wide range of kitchen tasks; Suitable for cutting most meats, fish, vegetables, and fruits
R-2 Special Damascus Blade - The HRC 63 R-2 blade is made by a highly reputable Japanese company called Kobelco, and the steel offers remarkable cutting performance and edge retention; Good Impact and powerful appearance Grayish Silver Color Damascus steel blade
Unrivaled Quality - Constructed in collaboration with a Master forge-smith, who uses traditional forge hammering techniques to exploit the best characteristics of the steel; The knife also comes with a matching wooden Saya (Sheath) with a decorative black lacquer finish
Superior Japanese Craftsmanship - Kagayaki Western style knives are produced by JCK Original in collaboration with Japan’s top craftsmen, ensuring beauty, durability, and value"

PROFESSIONAL CHEF'S KNIFE: This chef’s knife is suitable for cutting bread, vegetables, fillets or meats. This sharp knife is also suitable for home and professional use. Cutting like a master chef will bring you more joy in the kitchen!
MULTI-FUNCTIONAL KNIFE: This professional 8'' chef’s knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks of chopping, slicing, mincing and dicing fruits, vegetables and several meat varieties including fish, kitchen and beef. It truly is the all-around cooking knife!
ULTRA-SHARP EDGE: Sharpness is the most important feature for a cutting knife and we reached the great results in providing the best sharpness of our knives on the market. The thickness of this kitchen knife is 2.5 mm, which is ideal to do the job, and do the job well. Hand polished by craftsman with decades of experience to ensure long-lasting sharpness.
PERFACTLY BALANCED PERFORMANCE :The eight inch main chef knife can be used with both left and right hands. It has a better cutting balance angle, and the curve design from the handle to the tip is labor-saving cutting - ""lever"", which can achieve good up and down ""rocker"" and front and rear cutting action, without causing physical fatigue, let us cut faster, More efficient.
THE PERFECT GIFT: The Kitchen Knife is the perfect gift for wife, husband, parents, grandparents or friends. Note: it is truly 200-layer super damascus steel (HOW TO CARE DAMASCUS CHEF KNIFE SET)- To protect your damascus kitchen knifes set. be sure to clean with a cloth&apply vegetable oil after each use. don't let it wet for long time and store it oiled all the time"

Particular Design -- Hand-forged boning knife is a bit heavier than normal Viking knives. But compared to the perfect balance and control that this weight brings, it is necessary to make cutting easier and more enjoyable.
Reliable German High Carbon Steel -- First you need to know this is a knife handmade forged from German high carbon steel. It is not made of stainless steel, so after each use, you may need keep it clean and dry to resist rust. The steel is extremely hard and makes the blade really sharp and durable.
Ergonomic Handle -- Wave shape Full Tang handle design of the chef knife makes it easy to grip and hassle-free maneuvering, and can prevent the meat cleaver breaking down or dropping. Premium Wenge Wood Handle enhances the handholds touch to make the knife easy to hold, so you will not feel tired for using a long time.
Multi-purpose Boning Knife -- This professional meat cleaver meets all the chef's requirements for the knife. It can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks, such as chopping vegetables, slicing meat, removing bones of turkey and fish. It’s definitely your practical assistant no matter when you are indoor or outdoor.
Guarantee -- We ensure that our boning knife will meet your expectation. We also provide 12-month warranty for quality-related issues, 30-day money back guarantee for any reason and friendly customer service. Perfect for collection and also a great gift for your family, friend or yourself."

1：Carbon steel material:TFeaturing special-forged high-carbon stainless steel with a high-tech vacuum heat-treatment and nitrogen cryogenic tempering, it ensures you the extreme strength, flexibility, durability, and maximum performance.
2：Hand forged Hammered: ancient forging, adhere to the ingenuity, hand-forged by the blacksmith master, with fine steel and good ductility.
3：easy to hold non-slip and comfortable grip, enhancing the handhelds touch to make our knife easy to hold.
4：sharp and durable.：Our cutting edge is honed to reach through large pieces of food.Multipurpose chef's knife designed for chopping, mincing, slicing, and dicing ， The result is cleaver knife that’s extremely sharp and durable.
5：maintenance: dry the water after use, put it in a ventilated and dry place, apply a layer of cooking oil to the blade if it is not used for a long time, do not bring the cutlery close to the open flame, or immerse it in water or corrosive liquid for a long time"

CAMIFE Full Tang Chef Knife Handmade Forged High-carbon Clad Steel Kitchen Knives Cleaver Filleting Slicing Broad Butcher knife
Handle: Full Tang integrated steel shank + wood + rivet fixing
Characteristics : Razor Sharp for easy paper cutting
Blade length: 17 cm. Blade width: 10 cm (The widest point). Blade thickness: 5 mm. Net weight:About 440 g.
Material : Handmade Forged High-carbon Clad Steel ."

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece, hot-drop hammer forged, which produces the strongest blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 57-58.
The three-step, 15 degree “Elite” edge is hand stropped on a cloth wheel, creating the sharpest possible cutting surface on an edged tool.
The bolsterless heel simplifies all cutting, sharpening & honing tasks, making use of the entire blade from heel to tip.
Handcrafted in the historic cutlery capital of Solingen, Germany.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

PERFECTED CHEF KNIFEThis chef's knife has been the top choice of both home chefs and professionals alike.The pro kitchen cooking knife is designed to be a combination of simple beauty and practical functionality. It made of German stainless steel, this strong design ensures good strength, flexibility, and durability.
ULTRA-SHARP EDGESharpness is the most important feature for a cutting knife and we reached the great results in providing the best sharpness of our knives on the market. The professional knife blade polishing makes this chef's knife be more sharper than others, and it has been proven its ability to withstand the rigors of tough restaurant use.The thickness of this kitchen knife is 2mm, which is ideal to do the job, and do the job well.
Multi-Functional Kitchen KnifeThis chef's knife is very suitable as vegetable kitchen knife, meat kitchen knife, cooking kitchen knife, chopping knife, pairing knife, fruit knife and so on. This sharp knife can be used for your daily kitchen tasks of chopping, slicing, dicing, and mincing of all kinds of meat, vegetables, fruits, and bread. It is suitable for both home and restaurant kitchens.
ERGONOMIC DESIGNEvery curve and angle of the handle is ergonomically designed for a comfortable and ambidextrous hold,ensures a proper balance between the handle and the thin blade, ensuring ease of movement,minimize any fatigue, finger numbness or aches.
EXCELLENT GIFTThis pro sharp chef knife is elegant in an Leather case which is seamlessly contoured with the knife’s shape. This chef knife would be a great present for parents, wife, husband, friends and any others that like cooking."

6 Pc's Beautiful Damascus Steel Chef Knife With Purple Pakka Wood Handle. 1071-Red
Damascus Steel chef knife set
Damascus Steel Kitchen Knife Set
Stylish Unique Knives"

Thailand product
Stainless Steel knife
Kitchen knife
New
Best quality"

KNIFE FEATURES - The professional Santoku knife with olive wood handle has a knife length of 12.2-inch and a blade length of 7-inch.
RAZOR KNIFE SHARP - Thanks to AUS10 Damascus steel, a blade hardness of 60 HRC is achieved. The professional kitchen knife is & remains extra sharp.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE - Best balanced Santoku knife great for precise cutting, dicing and mincing. With ergonomically shaped wooden olive handle for fatigue-free work in the kitchen.
PERFECT AS A GIFT - The Damascus professional knife is a visual highlight and not only the perfect gift idea for the barbecue season, also a special gift for all knife lovers!
WITH Elegant GIFT BOX - Thanks to the beautiful packaging, the knife can be given away directly and is a great joy for every ambitious cook!"

HIGHEST QUALITY: Extra sharp professional steak knife with blade made of Japanese Damascus steel, blade hardness degree: 60±2HRC.
RASIER KNIFE SHARP: Damascus steak knife with G10 handles, knife length 9.8-inch, blade length 4.9-inch, grinding angle 15° degrees
ERGONOMIC HANDLES: Perfectly balanced and with ergonomically shaped handles made of G10
PERFECT AS A GIFT: For yourself or friends, indispensable and a completion for any meat and steak fan.
WITH ELEGANT GIFT BOX - Thanks to the beautiful packaging, the knife can be given directly as a gift!"

Made of highest quality Swiss and Victorinox materials
Innovative and durable
Must have for every kitchen!"

Made of highest quality Swiss and Victorinox materials
Innovative and durable
Must have for every kitchen!"

KNIFE FEATURES - The professional Santoku knife with olive wood handle has a knife length of 12.2-inch and a blade length of 7-inch.
RAZOR KNIFE SHARP - Thanks to AUS10 Damascus steel, a blade hardness of 60 HRC is achieved. The professional kitchen knife is & remains extra sharp.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE - Best balanced Santoku knife great for precise cutting, dicing and mincing. With ergonomically shaped wooden olive handle for fatigue-free work in the kitchen.
PERFECT AS A GIFT - The Damascus professional knife is a visual highlight and not only the perfect gift idea for the barbecue season, also a special gift for all knife lovers!
WITH Elegant GIFT BOX - Thanks to the beautiful packaging, the knife can be given away directly and is a great joy for every ambitious cook!"

HIGHEST QUALITY: Extra sharp professional steak knife with blade made of Japanese Damascus steel, blade hardness degree: 60±2HRC.
RASIER KNIFE SHARP: Damascus steak knife with G10 handles, knife length 9.8-inch, blade length 4.9-inch, grinding angle 15° degrees
ERGONOMIC HANDLES: Perfectly balanced and with ergonomically shaped handles made of G10
PERFECT AS A GIFT: For yourself or friends, indispensable and a completion for any meat and steak fan.
WITH ELEGANT GIFT BOX - Thanks to the beautiful packaging, the knife can be given directly as a gift!"

Sizes Form Top to Smart Cleaver Full Length 12.25-inches, Blade 7.25-Inches, Handle 5-Inches, Full Length 12.25-inches, Blade 7.5-Inches, Handle 4.75-Inches, Full Length 12-inches, Blade 7-Inches, Handle 5-Inches, Full Length 10-inches, Blade 5-Inches, Handle 5-Inches, Full Length 9.5-inches, Blade 4.5-Inches, Handle 5-Inches.
Handle Made of Orange and Black Colored Wood With Fiber Spacers. Bolster is Made of Black Micarta. Ergonomically Designed, Comfortable to Hold.
Prime Quality Knives Blade Consists Of Layers Of 1095 & 15N20 High Carbon Steels Mixture Welded, Forged & Hammered Several Times To Obtain Up To 416 Layers. Blade has been given excellent heat treatment to get The Hardness Of Up To 55 to 60 HRC On The Rockwell Scale Which Makes The Blade Durable and Razor Sharp.
Nice tool for camping, hunting, hiking, adventure, and home use. Valentine Gift for Friends, Dad, Brother, Boss, Boyfriend, Husband, Ideal gift for Hunter, Fisherman, Camping Lover.
Comfort, smooth and easy to Use. Wash & Dry The Blade & Apply Vegetable Oil after every use."

RAZOR SHARP CHEF’S KNIFE15° V kitchen knives have always been the favorite collection by chefs all around the world for it’s Razor Sharp edge, rust free & corrosion resistant performace. The Premium Rose Damascus steel ensures long-lasting sharp, visually stunning beauty as well as excellent performance in kitchen, perfect boning and filleting meat.Inpressively suitable for cutting, chopping, mincing, Slicing & Dicing meat, vegetable, fish, fruit, almost every thing.
Stainless STEELAdopting high-quality stainless steel, which is quite sharp and will remainthis way even after cutting tough meat or removing flesh bones. Each blade offers exceptional hardness, flexibility, durability.
HIGH CUTTING PERFORMANCE Ultra sharp by traditional hand sharpened with three-step Honbazuke method. Honbazuke honing originates from traditional Japanese knife production. Every blade is sharpened and polished by hand in three stages in a complex process, 8-12°(best sharp angle）per side ensuring maximum sharpness and edge retention.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE DESIGNThe handle is made from a unique, luxurious & beautiful Pakkawood (sourced from Africa) , which is a material that known for its comfort, strength and stability. Ergonomic handle can minimize any fatigue, finger numbness or aches after holding knife for a long time.
100% SATISFACTION LIFETIME WARRANTY 15° V CUTLERY are recognized by more and more professional chefs, knife lovers and family users.We ensure the best customer purchasing experience by both premium products quality and satifying after-sale service. We guarentee lifetime MONEY BACK Warrenty against defects in materials and workmanship.No worry No Risk, the best deal ever!"

[Premium 2-piece set paring universal knife] This cutlery set includes multifunctional 5 inch chef's knife, 3.5 inch fruit knife, Forged with high-quality German high-carbon stainless steel (5Cr15MoV), it has super hardness and toughness. The lightweight cooking tools allow you to easily handle various tasks at home. It is a very exquisite and utility kitchen knife set, suitable for all kinds of home chefs, catering staff, restaurant cooking chefs.
[Professional high-quality blade] This chef's knife set uses new craft stainless steel. It has anti-rust, anti-corrosion, and easy-to-clean performance.The blade is slender and elegant, the edge is super sharp,and the cutting slope is accurate, Even if it stays sharp after repeated use. The extra durable, sharp blades easily can peel or cut through hard carrots and potatoes effortlessly, It can also cut various fruits, vegetables, meats, cakes, cheeses, breads, etc.
[Personalized classic pakkawood handle] Professional design, Using the concept of natural wood grain, hand repeatedly polished, Each Handle Has a different wood grain, to Achieve a unique texture. Ergonomically handle, Easy grip control, Durable, Keep anti-skid. This sharp carbon steel razor kitchen knife, can cut roasts or carve sushi and sashimi, allowing you to easily cook rich food every time.
[Exquisite cooking knife]This 2pcs practical multi-purpose knife, Very Suitable for Peeling, Diced, sliced, chopped. The blades on these fruit knives are very sharp, allowing you to peel the skin effortlessly, can also be used to shave butter and cheese, Make healthy and nutritious cooked food or beautiful salads. The meticulously customized dual-purpose Knives, Allows you to obtain peeled fresh ingredients, can even use a universal knifes to cut meat on the bones for cooking.
[Quality Assurance and Safety] BOLESTA Kitchen cutter promise 100% After-Sales Service. This 2pcs kitchen cutlery set comes with an elegant gift box, Which is very Suitable for Giving Gifts to Friends on New Year's day, Mother's day, Father's day, etc. The knife is Super Sharp, Please Keep Away from Children When Using."

ULTRA PREMIUM STEAK KNIFE SET - 6 non-serrated, 5-inch steak knives with anti-fatigue, ergonomic, full-tang triple riveted handles and gift box.
PROFESSIONAL QUALITY AT AN AFFORDABLE PRICE - Master Maison was founded by 2 lifelong cooks who struggled to find professional-quality knives at everyday prices. Our Californian founders partnered with dozens of professional chefs to design stain-resistant and rust-resistant knife sets at an affordable price point.
SUPERIOR EDGE RETENTION: Each steak knife is forged from the highest quality, high-carbon German stainless steel. This set offers superior edge retention (stays sharp for longer) with rust and corrosion resistance that will last you a lifetime.
SLEEK DESIGN AND EASY STORAGE - A sleek, modern design fits in seamlessly among your other kitchen tools. The included storage box reduces clutter from the counter and protects your knives for years to come.
EASY CARE AND UNLIMITED 1-YEAR WARRANTY: Our knives carry an unlimited 1-year warranty. We recommend hand washing and promptly drying your knives after usage to protect their sharpness and glossiness. If you ever have an issue, reach out to our customer service team."

[PERFECT ART HAND FORGED] Top Japanese knife makers combine traditional Japanese forging methods with innovative advanced technology; through more than 100 days of hand forging to complete the high quality Japanese chef knife. And outline the texture of elegant Damascus pattern outline; exudes a mysterious and ancient atmosphere.
[VG-10 DAMASCUS CHEF KNIFE] Professional chef knives is forged from high quality 67-layer 12Cr15CoMoV and VG-10 Damascus steel. Through precision heat treatment party water grinding open edge, greatly enhanced corrosion resistance, rust prevention, toughness and other characteristics; hardness up to 61 ± 2HRC. It keeps fruits at their ideal ripeness, vegetables at their best, or meat at its most flavorful moment when cutting.
[OCTAGONAL SANDALWOOD HANDLE] The Damascus chef Knife features an ergonomically designed octagonal sandalwood handle; minimizes wrist tension and the different sides give you great flexibility to adjust your cutting angle; while providing a secure, comfortable grip. With the fading of the gloss and the addition of a mature aesthetic handle allows you to enjoy the pleasure of using it.
[HIGH-END VALUE GIFT CHOICES] Japanese kiritsuke knife combines a gorgeous curved design with top-notch craftsmanship; forging a high quality kitchen cooking knife that every home cook and professional chef looks forward to using. And with a special sandalwood gift box for the top chef's knife; we believe this is the perfect gift for your beloved friends and family during the special holiday.
[Sincere Service] ミツモトサカリ products have been strictly audited and certified. Unconditional replacement or refund policy for defects, risk-free trial. If you have any questions, please contact us, we will give you a satisfactory answer."

BRAND NEW 13 INCHES HANDMADE DAMASCUS FILLET / hunting KNIFE , PAKKA WOOD HANDLE . SILVER & MOSAIC PINS . TWIST PATTERN DAMASCUS STEEL BLADE (1095 / 4340) .
OVER ALL LENGTH = 13.00 Inches . HANDLE LENGTH = 05.00 Inches . BLADE LENGTH = 08.00 Inches . BLADE THICKNESS = 2.5 mm .
Useful for filleting slicing , sharp thin blade comes with sheath
Solid Built , Durable , Full Tang , Sharp and Hard Cutting Edge . Handmade , Forged Damascus Steel (1095 / 4340) . Twist Pattern
Quality Finished , Perfect Grip , Balanced Knife"

Designed in Germany Manufactured in Spain
Inverted blade serration for a prolonged cutting edge
ZWILLING Special Formula Steel
Stamped from one single piece of steel
FRIODUR blade ice-hardened to ~57 Rockwell Hardness
Hand sharpened and polished
Streamline palisander wood handle
Stainless steel three rived handle; pressure sealed"

[Razor Sharp - Sushi Knife Japanese] Superior Japanese VG-10 Core Damascus Steel Knife (HRC 60±2), forged in fire knives with advanced technique, ensures sharpness, anti-rusting, durable, superb edge retention, easy to clean and care.
[High Balanced - Ergonomic Handle] 8 Inch sushi knife adopts delicate blue resin & wood handle - durability, moisture, crack prevention, comfortable grip - well balanced, and you will not feel fatigue after holding the japanese knife continuously for an extended time.
[Multifunctional - Professional Chef Knives] Super sharp edges and perfect curvature. 8 Inch sashimi knife can cut, slice meat, vegetable, sashimi, sushi,etc. Let you finish your daily kitchen tasks effortlessly! An ideal gift for any home cook, chef.
[Premium Forged Real Damascus Chef Knife] Each chef knife has very clear and unique lines. Hand-polished by craftsmen with decades of experience, delicate hammer texture - 16° double-bevel razor sharp blade, swift and easy precision work, suitable for right and left hand.
[360 Day After-sales service] Each Damascus Kitchen Knife has a nice Gift Box, and the quality control staff inspects carefully before shipment to ensure you get the best! To give you a pleasant shopping experience is our goal. Any questions or demands, just contact us!"

EASY TO CUT: Sharp 8 inch Damascus Chef knife, one-piece molding, cutting is not easy to break, slicing is more labor-saving. The staggering angle of the knife blade is well designed at 8-12 degrees per side, which can finish any task in kitchen, like cutting or slicing meat and vegetables as thin as possible.
UNIQUE & RANDOM COLORS ：the handle is made from resin and stable wood, each one is unique. We are not sure which color you will receive, that will be a surprise to you, isn't it?
COMFORT & DESIGN: Ergonomic handle, more comfortable when using it, Knives have a strong durable bolster for perfect stability and control. Even if you use it for a long time, you won't feel tired and uncomfortable. It makes sure you enjoy your cooking time!
PERFECT GIFT: Damascus blade with stable wood handle, good helper in the kitchen, is really a good choice to be a gift for Mother, Father,chef.
NOTICE: Wash the damascus chef knife in warm water and dry off immediately afterward to maintain optimal performance for the next use. Love knife, love life."

Hand crafted full tang knives forged from fine grained, Swedish Sandvik 14C28N Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. Holds an edge up to 5 times longer than German Steel.
Well balanced 5.5"" handle and 6"" flex blade with HRC 59 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale. Includes carbonized solid Ashwood half open magnetic sheath to ensure your blade will be protected.
This boning knife blade is long and narrow to efficiently cut away meat from joints, bones and tendons for maximum yield from meat and fish. The knife also excels at trimming meats and slicing fillets. Strong magnets are embedded into the edge of the sheath to hold onto the spine of the knife. A innovative and stylish way to protect your blades and fingers.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

Blade consists of 133 layers of steel, resulting in a floral damascus pattern
MC66 MicroCarbide steel is hardened to 66 HRC
D-shaped handle made from stunning black ash
Sharpened using a traditional, three step Honbazuke method
Hand crafted in Seki, Japan"

√Super sharp cutting core material- luckyTime Super sharp Damascus chef's knife is made of professional VG10 cutting core (made of 67-layer Damascus high-carbon stainless steel), which is hammered by vacuum heat treatment. During the folding and forging process, Damascus steel will form very dense fine metal grains, which will sharpen the fine sawtooth super sharp edges on the cutting edge.wear-resistant, durable, resists rust, stain-resistant, and discoloration
√Multipuprose and DesignThis 8 Inch Damascus chef's knife with a unique curved handle to blade connection embodies the look and high performance of high-end cutlery.Can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks of chopping, slicing, mincing and dicing of fruit, vegetables and meat, be a multipurpose knife for professional applications. (DO NOT chop thick and hard bones like lamb or beef).
√Perfectly balanced performance- wood handle not easy to absorb water, not easy to deform and crack,The 8-inch master knife can be used with both hands. It has a better cutting balance angle without causing physical fatigue, no dead angle of hygiene , easy to clean.Ergonomically designed handles to ensure a secure and comfortable grip! Extreme comfort, perfect balance!
√Exquisite Gift Box & The Perfect Gift - This Damascus Chef Knife with an exquisite Gift Box, very suitable as a gift to parents, wife, husband, grandparents, and friends on kinds of festivals, such as Mother's Day, Father's Day、Thanksgiving Day、Black Friday、Christmas day、New Year、Easter Day、Halloween、birthday, etc
√Lifetime Warranty - Our knives come with a lifetime warranty, and we offer free exchange or return if the item is defective."

110-LAYERS DAMASCUS STEEL BLADE: This blade features a Damascus steel cutting core at 61+ Rockwell hardness for unmatched performance and amazing sharp edge preservation, cladding provides exceptional strength, durability, stain, and corrosion resistance
ULTRA-SHARP EDGE: Seriously sharp edge 15° per side, extremely hard (HRC: 61+), excellent edge retention, and a light center balanced feel
HARDNESS & CORROSION RESISTANT: Vacuum heat treatment blade for enhanced hardness, flexibility, and corrosion resistance
ERGONOMICALLY SHAPED HANDLE: Premium desert ironwood handle, providing a naturally stunning appearance, comfortable for amazing control for any tasks. Engineered to perfectly fit in all hand sizes with streamlined stability. Lightweight and with an easy grip for handling."

Set Includes 6 Knives, 9"" knife
Made from high quality stainless steel
100% Authentic with Certificate of Origin
Made in France - Comes in wooden gift box shown
Wood handle with 2.5mm guage stainless steel blade"

VG10 JAPANESE DAMASCUS STEEL - Manufactured with an ultra-sharp, cobalt-added, and cryogenically treated VG-10 Japanese Damascus steel cutting core at HRC 58-60 hardness, KYOKU Shogun Series knife boasts unrivaled performance and incredible edge retention.
WELL-BALANCED DESIGN: Our Shogun Series knife is designed to feel substantial and well-balanced in your hand but also light enough for marathon prep sessions.
DURABLE HANDLE - The meticulously constructed, triple-riveted G10 handle has gone through special treatment, making it extremely impervious to heat, cold, and moisture; accented with a mosaic pin.
SUPERIOR SHARPNESS - The ruthlessly sharp edge is handcrafted by seasoned artisans to a mirror polish at 8-12° double sided using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method; cryogenically treated for incredible hardness, flexibility, and corrosion resistance.
LIFETIME WARRANTY - Our knives come with a lifetime warranty, and we offer free exchange or return if the item is defective."

Premium MaterialRichlin Chef Knife is made of 50Cr15Mov high-quality stainless steel that resists rust, corrosion and discoloration.
Professional Bread KnifePerfectly engineered serrated bread knife tapered to a razor-sharp edge for effortless slicing thick breads, toasts, bagels, baguettes, cakes and more.
High-quality HandleThe ergonomic handle provide slip resistance, grip, and safety.
Knife DimensionsStainless steel blade 8"" In length. Meets the strict National Sanitation foundation (NSF) standards for public health protection.
Quality AssuranceEach product is hand checked by a member of Team Richlin before it goes out the door to ensure you get the best!If you discover a fault with the item(s) you have received, please contact us right away. We will work with you to ensure your satisfaction."

SUPERIOR STEEL - Manufactured with an ultra-sharp and cryogenically treated steel cutting core at HRC 56-58 hardness, KYOKU Samurai Series knife boasts unrivaled performance and incredible edge retention.
ERGONOMIC & WELL-BALANCED - Ergonomically designed, the narrow and slightly curved blade helps alleviate fatigue and finger pains from long periods of slicing or chopping, perfectly blending performance and comfort.
DURABLE HANDLE - The meticulously constructed, triple-riveted Pakkawood handle has gone through special treatment, making it extremely impervious to heat, cold, and moisture.
SHARP BLADE W/ HOLLOW EDGE DESIGN - The ruthlessly sharp edge is handcrafted by seasoned artisans to a mirror polish and painstakingly manufactured for incredible hardness, flexibility, and corrosion resistance.
LIFETIME WARRANTY - Our knives come with a lifetime warranty, and we offer free exchange or return if the item is defective."

Premium quality materials distilled into high-performing, no-frills bladed tools sure to get the job done right. Superior blade construction. Expertly handcrafted with ultra-sharp 7cr17mov high-carbon stainless steel. Increased carbon and chromium count for unparalleled edge retention at 57-59 HRC versus other similar Swiss competitors. Thoughtfully engineered for the chef, butcher and any other culinary professionals.
Go the distance. Knives that can take a beating and keep on performing. Boasting full tang for extra strength and durability, these knives give you the highest performance possible per dollar spent. Expertly hand-sharpened to a screamingly sharp edge at 14-15 degrees per side giving you a steeper blade edge that lasts longer over it’s competitors. Each stain and corrosion resistant blade is brought to a beautiful polish by hand before undergoing rigorous quality control tests.
Chef-Certified. The precisely engineered ABS/TPE polymer blend black ‘Crius' handle ensures a heat, cold and moisture resistant grip, and a satisfyingly secure hold - even in wet or greasy environments. Chef approved ergonomic handle design is engineered for superior hand control, agility and comfort. Perfectly balanced to minimize hand and write fatigue to endure any culinary challenge. Remain confident in your control in even the busiest of kitchens.
Built to maintain the highest of standards. The easy-clean ‘Crius’ handle is molded perfectly to the blade to prevent food or unwanted particles from entering any crevice, promising the ultimate sanitary food prep that is essential for professional kitchens. National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) certified.
Titan Forge Pro Series Promise: 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. Ultimate customer service experience for the ultimate professional."

Hand hammered iron cleaver, vegetable knife.
Free whetstone. Sharpen it anytime when necessary
Dry it after washing to prevent rust."

ADVANTAGES: Kollombo Serrated Bread Knife has multifunctional use. Along with cutting bread, the serrated knife can be used for cutting different vegetables, cakes and pizzas. The 73 layers of Damascus stainless steel serrated bread knife withstand longevity of sharpness and image of extra strong blade.
Kollombo Knife in such style and quality cuts fresh and crusty bread with minimal effort and waste of crust. You do not need to move knife back and forth 2-3 times to cut crusty or soft bread. The serrated knife’s sharpest teeth grab the bread or plain vegetable immediately saving your valuable time
9” blade knife can be used to easily cut long baguettes by length, as well as large pizzas, cakes, pastries and breads. 9” length blade has 10% more longevity of sharpness than 8” blade knifes. The strong Damascus core of blade keeps sharpness for a long time, and the 73 stainless steel layers that cover the core of the blade keep exclusive Damascus core metal from precocious rusting much longer than usual blades
The handle made by natural tropical Rosewood keeps an extra strong grip to the knife, even in extremal situation/fire, water, falling/. The natural dark red color of the wood always gives a clean feeling to the knife. Unlike artificial materials, the health benefits of natural wood are a well-known fact.
BENEFITS: So, eventually you can have a trusted friend for entire life. Your friend is strong. It does not break or become soft in different situations. Kollombo knife is loyal and can help you in different tasks, while at the same time not lose its glance and appearance for a long time. The 9 in. Kollomo knife will help you to save extra expenses, time and energy that can be spent on other activities. Kollombo knifes are always ready to serve you with dignity and keep its brand name proud."


STRONG MAGNET:Double sided strong magnet can safely and healthily place kitchen knives.ou can reach the knife easier, quicker, safer. Suitable For Common Household kitchen Cutters.
SIMPLE AND CONVENIENT DESIGN：The magnetic tool holder is made of natural acacia wood, which is beautiful and practical. The simple and gorgeous appearance is easier to clean, It can better provide a safe and hygienic environment for cutting tools.
SOLID WOOD MATERIAL, ACACIA WOOD MATERIAL:Good knife base comes from good wood, made of Acacia wood naturally growing in nature, with warm texture and fine texture.
NON SLIP FOOT PAD：This magnetic knife holder has a non slip foot pad.Finished with anti-skid felt pads on the Acacia wood , our bamboo knife block is safer to use on slippery counter tops than ordinary blocks. No more skidding, slipping, sliding or wobbling around!
PROTECTIVE BLADE:This magnetic knife block is very safe for the blade you intend to place, Because the blade only touches the wood, the blade remains sharp to prevent damage.If you are not happy with this universal knife block, we will gladly grant you a full refund."

Double-Sided Strong Magnetic Suction Knife: With super strength hidden magnet.Double-sided suction knife design, 17 X 13 Inches super large capacity. The magnet is hidden in the middle of the acacia wood, with strong adsorption.This magnetic knife block can suck all kinds of metal knives and other kitchen utensils. You can reach the knife easier, quicker and safer. Suitable For Common Household kitchen Cutters（Fruit knife, Kitchen Knife, Bread knife). Note: NOT for CERAMIC KNIVES.
Double-Sided Super Large Capacity: Hold up to 16-20 knives(length from 3"" to 12"") at both sides of the knife holder, great space saver for your kitchen counter.This is a multi-functional use magnetic storage block.
Elegant Display: Why fuss with a boringly average knife holder when you can display one of these beautiful knives? Made of Acacia wood naturally growing in nature, with warm texture and fine texture,with finely polished by hand.Fashionable, simple and practical.
Creating Your Green&Healthy Kitchen: Though it displays nicely on a countertop, the wooden knife holder is reliably strong.The surface is treated with natural vegetable oil, which make the surface delicate and easy to clean. It can be wiped with a rag.100% sustainable & safe for use in the kitchen.
Safty Non-Slip Base: Finished with anti-skid felt pads on the bottom, our bamboo knife block is safer to use on slippery counter tops than ordinary blocks. No more skidding, slipping, sliding or wobbling around!
Not Only For Knives:It is not only suitable for storing knives, but also any metal accessories such as screws, screwdriver tools and other metal objects can be absorbed and stored with this magnetic knife holder.
LIFETIME 100% MONEY BACK GUARANTEE. We’re confident with the quality and function. If you’re not happy with it, just tell us."

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece stamped, which produces a strong blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 56-57.
The over-sized, hygienic, molded, seamless polypropylene handles provide comfort for the extreme demands of a commercial kitchen.
Handcrafted in Santa Catarina, Portugal.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

 SEASON CHEFS AND HOME COOKS WILL IMMEDIATELY NOTICE THE DIFFERENCE – The well weighted chef’s knife with Great handle ( designed by one of our best Smith ) requires minimal effort whether you’re chopping, slicing, dicing or mincing. Grip the ergonomically designed handles comfortably with large or small hands and minimise wrist tension. The finest kitchens in the world consider a proper knife the ultimate multi-functional tool for beginner and pro cooks to strive.
 CRAFTSMANSHIP SPIRIT SHARPENED AND READY WHEN IT ARRIVES - Best Material and Strictness on Finishing, our craftsman plays an important parts on polishing, grinding and edging. Make it to be a masterpiece.Great blade edge that makes slicing meat, chicken, steak, and sushi / sashimi feel like slicing butter.
 FULL TANG BLADE - This knife has Stunning pattern Damascus steel blade having sharp edges for cutting, The blade is Made By 1095/15N20 ALLOY STEELS (176 true Layers) Hand forged to Beautiful Pattern. Damascus steel of this knife has high quality contents to give an excellent edge and sharp cutting abilities. Hardness of the blade of this knife is HRC 57-60 in the lab & been hand sharpened to a Sharp Edge.
 HANDLE MATERIALS - Rosewood Brass bolsters with resin scales are affixed by mosaic pins in our full tang knife which make the handle more stronger.
 OUR TRUST - Rock-solid 100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEED, try it risk free. See why chef's around the world trust and love, 'The Nooraki Difference'. Now you are slicing with POWER. Nooraki POWER."

Hand crafted full tang knives stamped from fine grained, Swedish Sandvik 12C27 Steel for incredible durability, stain resistance and exceptional edge retention. USPTO Patented Design.
Each blade goes through an (ultra6) stage heat treatment ensuring every blade maintains it's strength and function. Holds an edge up to 5 times longer than German Steel. Hand sharpened to a 16-degree angle per side. HRC 59 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
Set Includes: 8"" chef's knife, 3.5"" paring knife. Crafted from robust Walnut wood the knife block features two slots, securely housing a Chef’s and Paring knife combo.
This knife block set fits perfectly in smaller, modern kitchens while offering all the foundational knife functions needed by today’s home chef’s.
NSF International Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel."

[PROFESSIONAL CHEF'S KNIFE] - This Ultra Sharp Chef’s Knife is made of high-quality German High Carbon steel, which is durable and rust, corrosion resistant. It can be used for your daily kitchen tasks of chopping, slicing, dicing and mincing of all kinds of meat, vegetables, fruits and bread. It is the top choice of both home chefs and professionals alike.
[ULTRA-SHARP EDGE] - Sharpness is the most important feature for a cutting knife and we reached the great results in providing the best sharpness of our knives on the market. The thickness of this kitchen knife is 2.5mm, which is ideal to do the job, and do the job well. Hand polished by craftsman with decades of experience to ensure long-lasting sharpness.
[MULTI-FUNCTIONAL KNIFE] - This professional 8'' chef’s knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks of chopping, slicing, mincing and dicing fruits, vegetables and several meat varieties including fish, kitchen and beef. It truly is the all-around cooking knife!
[ERGONOMICALLY SHAPED HANDLE] - The blade of this chef knife is integrated with a soft and comfortable handle, creating the perfect grip. The ergonomic shape enables the right balance between the handle and the thin blade, ensuring ease of movement.
[PAUDIN QUALITY ASSURANCE] - The special laser pattern blade is particularly and strikingly (5Cr15Mov stainless steel kitchen knives, not real Damascus). We offer 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, LIFETIME WARRANTY against any defects. Try our cutlery risk free, we know you'll love it!"

KNIFE FEATURES - The professional smallSantoku knife with walnut handle has a knife length of 9.5-inch and a pure blade length of 5-inch.
RAZOR SHARP KNIFE: Thanks to VG10 Damascus steel, a blade hardness of 60±2 HRC is achieved. The professional kitchen knife is & remains extra sharp.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE - Best balanced small Santoku knife working with smaller size food, slicing cheese, chopping or dicing fruits, vegetables and nuts, Mincing meat or herbs. With ergonomically shaped walnut wood handle for fatigue-free work in the kitchen.
PERFECT GIFT: For yourself or friends, man or woman who love to cook and with heart and passion conjure a special dish.
WITH LUXURIOUS WOODEN GIFT BOX - Thanks to the precious packaging, the knife can be given directly as a gift and is a great joy for every ambitious cook!"

Brand New
Excellent Quality
Fast Shipping"

Boning Knife- w/ Sheath 9"""

14 Inches Long Damascus Steel kitchen Knife with 9"" long Hand Forged fire pattern blade
2 tone Brown color Dollar wood scale with brass Bolster. 5 Inches long Handle with Brass Bolster. Scale is bling with 2 silver & a Mosaic Pin.
Up to the standard of Kitchen knife, chef knife. Approximately 4 mm thick twist pattern blade.
Fire pattern hand forged Damascus Steel. Blade is made by forging the 1095 and 15N2O high and low carbon steel with hundreds of layers folded.
Blade has been given an excellent heat treatment to get it well hardened Hardness 56 to 58 HRC"


Performance with elegance; blades are made with German stainless steel (X50CrMoV15); for stain resistance and long edge life
Designed to perform and impress; no need for serrations, these knives have razor sharp edges that cut your steak, chicken or pork without shredding
Comfort and handle; feeling of excellence in your hand, Handles are contoured to fit comfortably in your hand and made from G10 fiberglass resin, Providing the wood-like grain look with 10x the durability of wood
Shop risk-free; great meals require great tools; our professional cutlery is backed by a limited lifetime warranty, protecting against defects in workmanship; if you have any problems or questions, don’t hesitate to let our service team know
Lifetime Warranty"

Damascus steel Meat cleaver with Natural Walnut wood scale Bling with 3 silver pins for extra strength
Overall 9 Long Inches butcher cleaver with 5.5 Inches long sharp cutting edge
Twist pattern hand forged Damascus steel blade is prepared by forging the 1095 and 15N20 high and low carbon steel with hundreds of layers folded
Comes with a fine quality cow hide leather sheath. Sheath has belt inserting loop and can be worn on belt.
Up to the standard of Kitchen cleaver, butcher knife, Meat cleaver comes with a fine quality extra thick cow hide leather sheath"

The blade has undergone a premium Japanese leather sharpening process has been added providing an even sharper cutting blade.
Engineered and tested to meet Rockwell 53 specification guaranteeing a blades hardness and optimum performance.
Backed by Cuisine::pro's lifetime guarantee.
Cuisine::pro Damashiro Emperor Japanese knives are made from the finest quality Japanese steel. Inspired by traditional Japanese craftsman and Samurai sword makers, these knives are characterised by distinctive damascus inspired patterns on the blade of banding and mottling reminiscent of flowing water. Damashiro blades are made from specialist ice hardened Japanese steel which makes them super tough, resistant to shattering and capable of being honed to a sharp, resilient edge."

Patented Angled Bolster design accommodates a firm, natural pinch grip. Well balanced and comfortable handle
Forged and handcrafted full tang knives. High Alloy German Steel with a 58 +/- 2 on the Rockwell Hardness Scale.
Exceptionally sharp Asian style edge. Precisely heat-treated blades for long-lasting durability and edge retention.
All knives are National Sanitation Foundation [NSF] Certified. Lifetime Warranty against manufacturer defects. Wash knives with warm water and a little detergent, rinse carefully and dry with a towel. USPTO Patented Design."

[Traditional craftsmanship] HEZHEN 7Inch Chinese Chef’s Knife ，73-layer Damascus powder steel，traditional hand-crafted, hand-sharpened,After the vacuum cryogenic heat treatment, the HCR is as high as 62°.
[Perfect kitchen tool] Sharp Meat Cleaver knife are suitable for food except bones and other hard objects. The hammered surface reduces the resistance of the knives to the food and helps the food to be released. Although the appearance is very beautiful, the cleaning is limited to hand washing.
[High-quality material] Cleaver knife are made of 73 layers powder steel (14Cr14MoVNb). The internal element crystals are uniform and the quality is consistent during smelting. Therefore, the quality of the knives manufactured by it is very reliable, the sharp parts are exactly the same, the texture is uniform, and it is more durable than traditional Damascus steel and VG10 Sharp and durable.
[Rosewood handle] Ergonomic design, natural rosewood handle + mosaic brass nails = just the right weight of the knife, providing a safe and comfortable grip, and reducing the fatigue of the palm and wrist of using the kitchen knife for a long time.
[Trustworthy quality] HEZHEN is committed to pursuing the fun of knife colliding with ingredients. Whether you are an apprentice chef, cooking master, or home chef, or barbecue in the wild, HEZHEN will have a great knife for you. If the product is defective, HEZHEN promises a permanent warranty."

brand new handmade 11.5 inches long serbian cleaver chopper chef knife professional cleaver useful for chopping and cutting ..
6.5 inches long , Forged Damascus Steel (1095 / 4340) blade , 56-58 HRC
5 inches long rosewood handle
CHOPPER CLEAVER KITCHEN Chef Professional
with leather sheath of high qulaity cow skin"

SUPER SHAPE BLADE-WAK chef’s knife is made from professional 67-layer Damascus high-carbon stainless steel with ultra-sharp cutting core VG 10. The cryogenic treatment forging giving an incredible Rockwell hardness 60 HRC ±2 HRC .The pure manual V-shaped cutting edge-14 degree let sharpness reach super grade (6-8 N), which means you get sharpness, edge retention plus stain and rust resistance so you can cutting effortlessly and tackle all your kitchen tasks with ease.
Functional & Aesthetic Damascus Steel-The blade consists of 67-layer Damascus steel cladding that enhances toughness and protects the valuable VG 10 steel cutting core. Beautifully laminated, the Damascus wave pattern showcases the stunning craftsmanship and its luxurious identity. Each blade is cryogenically treated in liquid nitrogen to enhance hardness, flexibility and corrosion resistance.
Ergonomic handle-WAK Damascus steel chef's knife handle is made of Olive logs handle. It is elegant and beautiful. It not only feels comfortable and reduces fatigue after long-term use, but also is easy to cut, heat/moisture-proof, and durable. The brass ring embedded in the handle provides incredible balance.
Prefect Kitchen Tool- WAK kitchen knife can cut vegetables, fruits, sushi, bread, bacon, fish fillets, processed dishes, etc. It can be used at home or in restaurants for cutting and slicing. WAK double bevel knife is an indispensable tool for professional chefs and an indispensable kitchenware for cooking beginners.
WAK Trust- 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it! With the luxury packing it is also the wise choice as a gift."

Incredible Artistic Chef Knife. Piece of functional art for you kitchen.
Very unique /Collectors Knife Feels Great In Your Hand and Pocket ! Great For Personal Use, Or A Fine Gift DKC KNIVES TM..The Collection You Will Be Proud Of
Over 256 Layers, 15N20 & 1095 Damascus Mixture of steel and high, low Carbon and HRC approximately 50 to 60. Or 440c Stainless Or D2 Steel As Specified
Also Makes A Great Wedding Cake Knife That Can Be Used in The Kitchen Later !!!"

SG2 (MC63) micro-carbide powder steel
Designed to Master Bladesmith Bob Kramer's exacting specifications
Traditional 3-step hand sharpening for exceptionally high sharpness
Double-tapered blade and tang
Beautiful 101-layer Chevron Damascus design"

Blade consists of 133 layers of steel, resulting in a floral damascus pattern
MC66 MicroCarbide steel is hardened to 66 HRC
D-shaped handle made from stunning black ash
Sharpened using a traditional, three step Honbazuke method
Hand crafted in Seki, Japan"

1. Ultra Sharp Professional Chef Knife: Kimfeng High Carbon Stainless Steel 8 inch Chef's Knives is Super Sharp and Easy to Use for Cutting, Slicing, Dicing, and Chopping, You Can Cutting Most Vegetables, Fruits, Meats, Cheeses Like a Hot Knife Cutting Butter.
2. Ergonomic and Attractive Well Balanced Handle: Our Chef Cleaver Knife with Ergonomic Wood Handle Provides Non-Slip and Comfortable Grip, Care of Your Comfort and Safety, Even After Prolonged Use, Your Palm and Wrist Will Not Fatigue, This Sharp Chopping Knife is the Best Friend in Your Kitchen.
3. Nice Pattern and Smooth-Cutting: The Pattern is Beautiful in Laser Etched, Will be Last for a Long Time, Our Chefs Knife is Super Sharp and Cuts Like a Dream, Incredibly Smooth Cutting on Carrots, Tomatoes, Turnip, Sweet Potato, Bell Pepper, Beef and Pork and so on, You Really Feel a Master Chef When You Use it.
4. Exquisite Gift Box, Best Ideal for Gift: Our Kimfeng Chef Knife Come With a Exquisite Magnetic Gift Box and Knife's Cleaning Cloth, Great Gift to Your Family or Friends on Thanksgiving Day, Christmas, New Year, Mother's Day, Father's Day, and Also Perfect as a House Warming Gift, Birthday Present, Wedding Gift, etc.
5. Great Right Out of the Box: The Chef's Knives Hand Polished by Craftsman with Decades of Experience, Sharp as a Razor and Ready to Use, Unnecessary to be Sharpened Before First Use, It's a Perfect Knife, Cut Meat Like Butter. Once it Became Dull, Any Sharpner Will be Helpful to Recover the Sharpness After a Long Time Use."

SPECTRE SERIES - Gorgeous. Elegant. Ferociously formidable with unparalleled craftsmanship. Expertly designed by our master artisans, the Spectre Series knives feature perfectly balanced and ergonomic grips for amazing comfort and safety, shockingly sharp cutting edges, & are crafted to reflect centuries of traditional Japanese knife design along with cutting-edge nitrogen-cooled forging techniques. Stylish & beautiful, these knives are sure to draw the eye in any kitchen!
THE BLADE - Relentlessly sharp. Made from our specially formulated High-Carbon Japanese AUS-8 Stainless Steel for enhanced corrosion resistance & non-stick properties, these Precision Forged, Nitrogen Cooled, blades are individually handcrafted & hand-sharpened by our virtuoso technicians in the traditional 3-stage Honbazuke method to 14° per side for clean, precise, cuts, amazing edge-retention, & they have a Rockwell Hardness of 58 for maximum strength, flexibility, & blade edge durability.
WONDROUS COMFORT  —  When you first grip the handle of this knife it will feel as if it were made for you specifically. Its traditional Japanese D-Shape is designed to tuck right into your palm for unrivaled comfort & control. Its Mirror-Polished Black Spanish Pakkawood Handle has a mosaic pin of brass & copper and amazingly superior Full Tang Strength for safe & precise use. Its seamless build ensures no dirt or debris can infiltrate its body & is nearly impervious to heat, cold, & moisture.
CONSTRUCTED TO LAST FOREVER - This knife will be your culinary companion for life & comes with Kessaku’s 100% Lifetime Warranty. Because we work tirelessly to ensure you’re delivered a true quality culinary masterpiece, all of our knives come with our Kessaku True Lifetime Warranty. Our very highest priority is that you are completely thrilled with our products and truly in love with our brand. Contact us with any issue or concerns and we will immediately do our absolute best to make it right.
MAKES AN AMAZING PRESENT - This exquisite knife will arrive in style, greeting you in our beautifully designed & elegant Magnetic Closure Gift Box, Custom Sheath & Polishing Cloth. Perfect for a Birthday, Wedding, Anniversary, Mother’s Day, Father’s Day, Christmas, House Warming, etc. Give this to your favorite chef. The astonishing quality of this lovingly crafted, professional knife means you’ll be giving them a gift that they’ll have & use for eternity so they’ll always think of you!"

Multi-functional Boning Knife Multi-functional Kitchen knife used for daily vegetable,meat ,fish,boning,fruit comes with a hardness 58 HRC
Blade MaterialThe Chef knife blade is made of Germany imported 7Cr17MOV steel with high quality that is rust resistant, easy to maintain.
Full Tang Wooden HandleThe full tang structure, which is different from general chef knife welding handle, will not break after long-term use. Curved wood handle makes it comfortable and safe to grip Erogonomic .
Cleaver Maintain Due to the handmade forged knives have higher carbon content, so pls pay attention to clean the knife after use, and acidic or alkaline substances cannot stay on the Kitchen Knife for a long time. The knife should keep dry after use.
LIFETIME WARRANTY XITUO knives come with a lifetime warranty, and we offer free exchange or return if the item is defective."

Over all length 13"", Blade length 8"", Blade Thickness 1/8"" (.12"")
3 - 3/16"" (.188"") diameter pin holes (we suggest using our medium corby bolts), Handle Size 5"" x 1.25"", Serrated Blade
9Cr18MoV Stainless Steel, Very Sharp Hollow Grind, Heat Treated Ready for You to Finish, Satin Finish
Made in China
Chef Maker(tm) Pantry Style"

High-End Material- This kitchen knife is made of 67 layers of Damascus steel,can guarantees the blade stay sharp for long time and corrosion resistant.
Sharp and Durable- The steel core is made of AUS-10 steel. Because of the rare metal cobalt added, the knife edge is sharper and the hardness is stable at 60±2HRC.
Exquisite and Beautiful- The dragon scale pattern of the knife is the natural pattern of Damascus steel. After special processing, the pattern looks more beautiful and more high-end.
Ergonomic Design- The chef's knives are made of rosewood and have perfect stability and control.High quality wooden handle provides comfort and support,ideal for people who frequently use for cooking or who like the kitchen.
Customer Service- The knife come with a exquisite black box,suitable as a gift to your family and friends.Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions during use."

Revolutionary FC61 steel core features fine carbide distribution and is protected by a durable 48 layers of damast steel
Fine carbide distribution creates a razor-sharp and durable blade with a 61 Rockwell hardness
Double ice-hardened FRIODUR blade offers remarkable durability and cutting edge retention
Blade is hand-honed using the historic Honbazuke method to an exceptionally sharp 9.5 to 12 degrees
Authentic, thin Japanese blade profile"

Handmade Forging Technology:The knives are sharpened by using natural knife grinder. Compared with kitchen knives made with mechanical means, this knives has a longer service life.
Muli-purpose High Quality Cleaver Knife: This butcher knife is forged made of high carbon steel with ergonomic full tang handle, which can prevent the blade comfortable to grip and non-slip effect It is suitable for cutting meat, fish, vegetable, fruits or any other your favourite foods.You can finish your daily kitchen cutting work
How to Maintain the knives:Our knife is pre-oiled before shipped.We lubricate it to protect the blade.So it is recommended to rinse with water before use,Please don't use dish washer and use the soft cleaning cloth to clean the knives,do not use steel mesh ball and other abrasive materials to clean the knife surface,in order to maintain the glossiness of the knife and extend its service life.After hand washing the knives,wipe the excess moisture with a towel and place it in a ventilated place
Please be careful when using and storing! After use please clean and store the knife set at a safe place, especially away from places children could reach."

Peak Performance Sharp BladeOur cutting edge is honed to reach 15°per side which is much sharper than the blades that are typically ground to 20-22°. The result is our cleaver knife that’s extremely sharp, durable and stain resistant. So our meat cleaver knife can help you to do the cutting work easily.
Premium HC German Stainless SteelThe blade of this Vegetable cleaver knife is made of premium high carbon German steel which has extremely rust prevention and provides a high level of corrosion-resistant and wear resistant. Passing through vacuum heated treatment and cooling treatment, the hardness of this knife can be up to 56±HRC. So our Chinese Chef knife shows its long-lasting performance, you don't have to worry about honing it often after using for a long time.
Multi-Functional Vegetable Cleaver KnifeBLADESMITH 7 inch full tang cleaver knife is extremely sharp, which is made of high-quality German stainless steel, so that it is suitable for cutting meat, fish, vegetable, fruits or any other your favourite foods but bones. You can finish your daily kitchen cutting work effectively and be always in your element by using it.
Ergonomic Pearwood HandleBLADESMITH Chinese Chef`s vegetable cleaver knife with ergonomic Pearwood handle provides non-slip and comfortable grip, enhancing the hand holds touch to make our knife easy to hold, so you will not feel tired for using a long time . And the pearwood handle has excellent anti-corrosive performance and it is durable and easy to clean.
100% Satisfaction WarrantyWe guarantee lifetime free replacement for this vegetable cleaver knife. So you don’t have to wonder if you are risking your money. Please feel free to contact us with any questions. With the luxury packing it is also the wise choice as a gift for culinary students, home cooks, professional chefs and more."

Premium Quality -- Keep in mind that these handmade high carbon steel meat knives are not dishwasher-safe. You will need to hand-wash it and keep it clean and dry to resist rust after each use. Compared with kitchen knives made by stainless steel, our professional breaking knife has an extraordinary performance in edge-retention and a longer service life. The sturdy blade passed multiple hand-grinding processes for an incredibly sharp cutting edge.
Multipurpose -- The one without finger hole is a heavy duty boning knife. It is stout and a little heavier than general kitchen knives. The thickness of the blade is 3mm, which is designed to handle heavy tasks like splitting chickens or chopping ribs, gourds. The double-beveled arched blade also excels in many kitchen tasks like preparing fish, mincing, slicing, and chopping vegetables, slicing meat, and deboning lamb steak.
Stylish & Practical – Unique hammered texture on the blade make it beautiful to behold and corrosion resistant while it also helps to prevent foods from sticking. Curved wood handle and large finger hole on the blade provides a secure grip for excellent control while filleting fish, chopping vegetables and deboning meat. The Full Tang design prevent this fillet knife from falling easily.
Full Tang Wooden Handle -- The wide curved bolster prevent your finger from being hurt. Non-slip full tang design makes sure a secure grip. The handle is made of natural rosewood and has a gorgeous brass eagle head on the bottom, whick makes cleaver knife both practical and beautiful. The figured chef knife is definetly a good collection knife and an ideal gift for your family or friends.
Warranty -- All of our kitchen knives pass strict quality control before shipped and well packaged in an elegant gift box. We offer 100% satisfaction and money back guarantee. Try it risk-free, you'll love this unique stylish meat and vegetable cleaver!"

7-Piece Kitchen Knife Set: This knives set are designed to be multipurpose knife for professional homes and restaurants. Chef Cutting Tool (8 inch), Slicing Cutting Tool (8 inch), Bread Cutting Tool (8 inch), Boning Cutting Tool (6 inch), Utility Cutting Tool (5 inch), Paring Cutting Tool (3.5 inch), Wooden Cutting Tool Holder (brown).
Sturdy and Practical: Cutting tool block set anti rust made from German 1.4116 Superior High Carbon Stainless Steel Blades for precision and accuracy. Strong, durable bolster for perfect stability and control. Sturdy & practical. No rust, stains or pitting here.
Widely Applicable: Ergonomically designed for butcher block, rustic cutting tool set and wood grain handle. Beautiful wood handles design to maximize durability and stress tolerance. Traditional Polymer handles are industrial strength. A perfect mix of design & practicality- a kitchen cutting tool set for dinner or BBQ!
Ultral Sharp Edge: The knife blade is forged with hand-polished edges at 14-16 degrees per side. Expertly crafted with a tapered stainless steel edge, stain resistant and precise tempering, bring you with easy and efficiency cooking experience.
Upgraded Design: Ergonomic handle is made of wood which is comfortable, sturdy and durable, you won’t feel tired even if holding the cutting tool for a long time. All Cutting Tool Store Safely in The wood Cutting Tool Block. (Please Hand Clean and Don't Use Dish Washer) This Cutting Tool Set with Block is an Essential for Both Professional and Amateur Cooks-kitchen starter set."

Bundle of 2 Items - The Gladiator Series 8pc Knife Block Set and The Gladiator Series 4pc Serrated Steak Knife SetOutstanding craftsmanship, cutting-edge technology, stunning design elements, and premium materials. Peak performance has never looked so good at this price.
Incredibly razor sharp, full-tang, imported high-carbon German steel with a hand polished edge at 14-16 degrees per side. Precisely tempered and stain resistant. This set will last a lifetime.
Award winning design, with satisfying heft, premium materials and quality feel. Premium G10 garolite handles are triple-riveted with a grip that ensures comfort and maneuverability. Laminated and polished for a sanitary build, perfect for busy kitchens
Engineered to perfection at 56+ Rockwell hardness and hand polished to a satin finish. Carefully tapered for improved hardness, flexibility, and minimal slicing resistance. All the essential knives for any chef, complete in a stunning hand-made acacia wood block. Includes chef's knife, santoku, carving / slicing, bread, utility, serrated utility, paring knives and honing rod.
See why tens of thousands of professional chefs and home cooks love and trust the DALSTRONG DIFFERENCE. 100% SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, try it risk free, we know you'll love it!"

STAINLESS STEEL KNIVES | This set of kitchen knives has everything you need for your kitchen and food preparation. Each knife stores safely and easily on display in the stylish, bamboo wood knife block with indigo accents
6 PIECE SET | Knife block includes 5 knives: 1 x chef's knife, 1 x bread knife, 1 x carving knife, 1 x utility knife, and 1 x paring knife, each has a textured handle for a comfortable grip. The blades match the pop of indigo on the knife block to bring colour to your kitchen
STRENGTH & DURABILITY | The knives have stainless steel blades that are rust resistant and tempered to keep their sharp edges for longer and the non-stick coating improves performance. Hand wash only
KNIFE BLOCK RANGE | Viners knives are crafted from the best quality material to ensure durability and long-lasting performance. This Horizon set comes with a 10 year quality lifetime guarantee
VINERS ELEGANCE | Viners has existed for over 110 years and has become a much-loved British brand and household name, steeped in heritage. We pride ourselves on delivering excellence - elegant, robust kitchenware that comes with up to a 50 year quality lifetime"

Revolutionary FC61 steel core features fine carbide distribution and is protected by a durable 48 layers of damast steel
Fine carbide distribution creates a razor-sharp and durable blade with a 61 Rockwell hardness
Double ice-hardened FRIODUR blade offers remarkable durability and cutting edge retention
Blade is hand-honed using the historic Honbazuke method to an exceptionally sharp 9.5 to 12 degrees
Authentic, thin Japanese blade profile"

Comfort Grip Handle
Titanium Coated Stainless Steel Blades
High Carbon Stainless Steel"

Totale length 12 inches approx - blade length 7 inches approx and handle length 5 inches approx handle made of Resin sheet with amazing hand work on the cleaver top quality balanced cleaver knife...
Our all items are 100% handmade and authentic damascus steel 100% , transportation is almost through DHL or UPS - If you have any questions about our item, please contact us.
Better quality of the sharp edge of the blade guaranteed , perfect grip , quality finishes , hard edge and cutting, the cutting edge to keep after the rough and tough use , great work of art for a perfect poison knife as well as fully functional.
Quality material used 1095 / 15N20 alloy steels (352 true layers). hardness of the blade of this knife is HRC 58-60.
Hands of durable high quality leather sheath included cowhide."

Package Includes what you will get on your package: 1 x 8 inch chef knife, 1 x knife sheath
Super Sharp Blade The blade of this kitchen knife is made of 7Cr17Mov stainless steel, and uses a V-shaped and fine processing blade, which can maintain the sharpness of the chef knife for a long time with incredible robustness and quality
Ergonomic Wooden Handle The handle is made by high quality color wood, which is comfortable, stability and well balanced when holding to use. The light weight and ergonomic design make the chef knife feels quite balanced and you won’t feel finger numbness
Professional Chef's Knife XYj Stainless steel chef knife is a multifunction cutlery knife, which is designed for professional applications, suitable for cutting, dicing, slicing, chopping with vegetables, fruit bread and meat, adding satisfaction and enjoyment of kitchen experience
Unique Knife Sheath This cooking knife comes with knife sheath to protect your knife blade, beautiful and safe"

Professional Kitchen Chef Knife--The multifunctional cooking knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks of cutting, slicing, chopping, mincing and dicing of fruits, vegetables and all kind of meat. A professional and all-rounder home cooks knife for you.
Super Sharp Edge--67-layer Japanese Damascus super steel with a finely polished surface. Corrosion resistant and tough. The curved edges are sharp, more durable and sharper. It can be stabilized at 60 ± 2 HRC, with vacuum heat treatment hardness and long-lasting clarity.
Easy to Use-- It is very waterproof and non-slip. It is perfectly shaped to allow easy and safe cutting and minimize fatigue, numbness or pain after prolonged use.
Unique Handle Design-- Unique shank shape design, Eye-catching. The surface is more shiny and comfortable. Ergonomic.The materials of the handle are mainly: imported resin, strictly selected color wood, It is decorated with double copper rings that will not rust.
High-End Gift ChoiceChoose XT XITUO high quality professional chef knife，Smart choice for family chefs and professional. In the high end case, it has a wrapped gift box suitable as a gift (Christmas, Birthday, Mother's Day, Father's Day)"

1.Sharpness is The Key: ANLEAND kitchen knife is make of premium high carbon stainless steel, 15°hand polished by skillful craftsmen, all knives feature ultimate sharpness for precise cutting,And makes the sharpness extend longer.
2.Quality Makes Perfect: Rockwell hardness of 56 ± 2 HRC, and one-piece design ensures great durability. All knives are coated with black nonstick coating, to avoid and reduce food sticking. By using an upgraded technique, the coating is 2X stronger than normal ones, not easy to be scratched off like other brands’.
3.Comfort & Style : All knives are in suitable weight that is excellent for speed and precise. Rubber handle offers you a comfortable grip, bule blade with bule hanlde looks more stylish and blends well with your modern kitchen. Everyone who visits your kitchen will compliments on its great aesthetics.
4.One Set for All: ANLEAND 5 pcs knife set allows you to cut nearly everything from veggies to meat, one set can meet all your needs! It’s great for new couples and family cooking lovers. Decent as a house-warming . Includes a chef knife, bread knife, carving knife, utility knife, paring knife.
5. After-sales service: If you have any questions about our chef's knife, please feel free to contact us. The after-sales service team will contact you in time to solve the problem for you."

The German 1.4116 high-carbon, stainless alloy blade resists stains and corrosion, exhibits toughness and durability, holds its edge retention, and is easy to re-sharpen to a razor-like edge.
This knife line is one-piece, hot-drop hammer forged, which produces the strongest blade from heel to tip. The blades are heat treated and cooled to achieve a Rockwell of 57-58.
The three-step, 15 degree “Elite” edge is hand stropped on a cloth wheel, creating the sharpest possible cutting surface on an edged tool.
The bolsterless heel simplifies all cutting, sharpening & honing tasks, making use of the entire blade from heel to tip.
Handcrafted in the historic cutlery capital of Solingen, Germany.
The Knife for Life guarantee provides a lifetime warranty against material and manufacturing defects."

HIGH QUALITY MATERIAL- This chef knife features an ultra sharp Japanese super steel cutting core at 57+ Rockwell hardness: extraordinary performance and perfect grain. Premium high-carbon stainless steel ensure exceptional strength, durability and perfectly balanced.
ERGONOMIC PAKKA HANDLE- To achieve minimize any fatigue, finger numbness or aches after holding it for a long time, the Soufull Chef Knife's handle is made from Pakka. It's known for its comfort, strength and stability. Ideal for people who frequently use for cooking.
ULTRA SHARP BLADE- This 8 inches chef knife is made of Japanese high carbon stainless steel. This kind of material is quite sharp and will remain this way even after long time use
ANTI-CORROSION- This chef knife also use of 16-18% chrome in the blades' metal composition. This can maintain a good brightness which will not fade or tarnish even after using it for a long time.
MULTI - FUNCTIONAL KNIFE- You can use it for cutting, slicing, dicing and mincing."

Professional Kitchen Chef Knife--The multifunctional cooking knife can easily handle your daily kitchen tasks of cutting, slicing, chopping, mincing and dicing of fruits, vegetables and all kind of meat. A professional and all-rounder home cooks knife for you.
Super Sharp Edge--67-layer Japanese Damascus super steel with a finely polished surface. Corrosion resistant and tough. The curved edges are sharp, more durable and sharper. It can be stabilized at 60 ± 2 HRC, with vacuum heat treatment hardness and long-lasting clarity.
Easy to Use-- It is very waterproof and non-slip. It is perfectly shaped to allow easy and safe cutting and minimize fatigue, numbness or pain after prolonged use.
Unique Handle Design-- Unique shank shape design, Eye-catching. The surface is more shiny and comfortable. Ergonomic.The materials of the handle are mainly: imported resin, strictly selected color wood, It is decorated with double copper rings that will not rust.
High-End Gift ChoiceChoose XT XITUO high quality professional chef knife，Smart choice for family chefs and professional. In the high end case, it has a wrapped gift box suitable as a gift (Christmas, Birthday, Mother's Day, Father's Day)"

High-carbon stainless steel blade-It is manufactured from high-quality stainless steel that maintains its functionality for a long time. And to boost its sturdiness, the steel contains 0.6-0.75 carbon. This makes it two times as hard as other knives in its class as they contain about 0.3% carbon
Multi-functional knife-The NIUTA knife is classified and designed to be multipurpose knife for professional applications .It cuts,dices,slices,chops and also cuts meat off bones. It comes with a HRC( Rockwell Hardness Scale) of 56-58 which makes it among the tough knives in its class
Ergonomic pakka handle- To make it more professional and minimize any fatigue, finger numbness or aches after holding it continuously for an extended time the knife's handle is made from Pakka. This is material that originates from Africa and its known for its comfort, strength and stability
Ultra-sharp edge- Sharpness is key to achieving the best cuts and this is evident in the knife's blade which is quite sharp and will remain this way even after tough tasks such as cutting tough meat or removing flesh from bones. The sharpness is further boosted by use of the latest German engineering
Corrosion and anti-tarnish blade- In addition to carbon, 16-18% chrome is also included in the blade's metal composition. This gives its a glossy finish which will not fade or tarnish even after using it for a long time"

7 Pcs Damascus Steel Kitchen Chef Utility Knife Set 7 Pocket Roll Case Leather Bag
TO PROTECT YOUR DAMASCUS KITCHEN KNIFES SET, BE SURE TO CLEAN WITH A CLOTH & APPLY VEGETABLE OIL AFTER EACH USE. DON'T LET IT WET FOR LONG TIME. STORE IT OILED ALL THE TIME."


BREAD KNIFE WITH SERRATED EDGE – Compared to normal, straight-edged knives, the long blade and serrated edge of this bread knife lets you cut your loaves of bread with ease without crushing it. Perfect for homemade breads, sandwiches, cakes, pastries, and more.
HIGH QUALITY STAINLESS STEEL BLADE – Made with a laser-sharp edge, this forged knife is stronger, more durable and will last for years. Forged knives stay sharp for longer and the blade will not twist when you hold it firmly against a sharpening steel.
RESISTANT TO STAINS AND CORROSION – This 8-inch long bread knife features a beautiful satin finish and is made of high-carbon stainless steel making it resistant to stains and corrosion for lasting use. Hand wash only.
CULINARY KNIFE WITH PROTECTIVE FINGER GUARD – This long kitchen knife has a bolster that adds balance and doubles as a finger guard for safe cutting and peace of mind.
JAPANESE STYLE BLACK HANDLE – Influenced by the art of Asian cuisine and cooking, the sturdy polymer handle features a Zen shape in a sleek black finish and is contoured for comfortable handling."

An essential knife for butchers, the 6” Oliva Elité Boning Knife is designed to remove bones from meat, poultry and game.
One-piece, fully forged ~ Hand-polished 15° “Elite” edge
Bolsterless edge ~ Ergonomic balance
Olive wood handle
100% Handcrafted in Solingen, Germany"

PREMIUM DAMASCUS STEEL: Made By 67 Layers High Carbon Damascus Steel with 10Cr core, Hardness could reach 62HRC, also include a strong feature of anti-corrosion, anti-rust and also toughness.
ERGONOMIC DESIGN HANDLE: XinZuo Ergonomic handle design will create a comfortable holding and give the best level to slice through everything easily. Pakka wood with its luxury finishing will attract you when you first eye on them.
RAZOR SHARP PERFECT: With the 10Cr core, the blade is incredibly strong and stable. The razor sharp edge could be kept for months of frequent daily use. With outstanding sharpness, you could slice your meat and vegetables easily as thin as you like.
CRAFTSMANSHIP SPIRIT: Best Material and Strictness on Finishing, our craftsman plays an important parts on polishing, grinding and edging. Make it to be a masterpiece.
XINZUO TRUST: 100% SATIFICATION GUANRANTEE OR YOUR MONEY BACK. try it risk free. LIFETIME WARRANTY against defect. We guarantee a superior product with XINZUO luxury gift box that will enhanced a pleasant cooking feeling."

BRAND NEW 11 INCHES HANDMADE DAMASCUS CHEF / KITCHEN KNIFE
Solid Built , Durable , Full Tang
Handmade , Forged Damascus Steel (1095 / 4340)
Sharp and Hard Cutting Edge .
Quality Finished , Perfect Grip , Balanced Knife"

Top Takesei Steel--These Made of High-quality VG10 Takesei Steel core to ensure flexibility and maximum edge retention without dulling or chipping. 66 layers of high carbon stainless Damascus steel cladding add beauty as well as resilience against both rusting and corrosion.
Geometrically Perfect and Scary Sharp--The 16°cutting edge angle is the most suitable angle for kitchen knives.In ensuring the flexibility of the blade, the sharpness of the blade is maximized
Must have Cutlery Set Includes--7 inch damascus Cleaver Knife; 7 inch Santoku knife(chef Knife; 5 inch fruit knife;Features layered damascus steel with a striking, hand-hammered finish (known as 'tsuchime' in japanese) Hand-hammered finish reduces drag when cutting, keeping foods from sticking to the knife blade
Safety And Comfort-- To make it more professional and minimize any fatigue, finger numbness or aches after holding it continuously for an extended time the knife's handle is ergonomic and provides you a secure comfortable grip, not easy to slip, sturdy and labor-saving.
A powerful kitchen assistant and a decent gift.--Damascus knife is Number 1 in the world famous knives list. The reason why Damascus knives are so popular among knives fans is that, in addition to its excellent performance, it is actually very important that its texture is really dazzling, and every Damascus knife has a unique texture. As we all know, the world’s top art knife is none other than Damascus knife."

DYNASTY SERIES BLADE QUALITY - Findking’s dynasty series uses 9CR18MOV. A great steel for the everyday use of any chef. With an HRC of 60+/-2 it will take an angled edge and hold it for long enough to help extend the life of your knife (w/ general maintenance). The clad dimple allow for easy food release while slicing or dicing. This blade is great for vegetables, fruits, fish, and meats. Please refrain from cutting frozen products as this may detriment the knife's edge.
DYNASTY SERIES HANDLE - is crafted from African rosewood, and is a great compliment to the beauty and comfort to the knife user. The stability of the handle allows the user full manipulation of the blade. This makes for effective use for precision, and endurance cuts. This handle makes mis en plas (food prep) FUN again
WEIGHT/BALANCE- The balance point runs heel to spine up the billet. Allowing the user a comfortable grip with precise cuts, and less wear and tear on the users hands. The weight is towards the blade of the knife making for efficient use during rock chopping motion.
DESIGN- Dynasty series Nakiri knives are designed to show the beauty of eastern chef’s knives. While focusing on comfortability, and efficiency for the everyday chef. Blade length is 18.5cm and handle length is 15.3 cm with an overall length of 33.8cm. When a pinch grip is used the blade length is considered “true 7” inch” where the user will be able to maximize maneuverability of the blades cutting edge
OUR PROMISE- Quality is a massive focus of Findking’s products. As a promise to our customers, price will not be affected by our strive for the highest quality in our products."

 Professional Chef Knife: TUO Chef Knife Adopted a Simple and Practical Design. This Cook's Knife is an essential for preparing daily meals, Like Chopping, Slicing, Dicing, Mincing, carving, meats and vegetables. 8 inch Blade is perfext for both women and men.
 Durable and Razor Sharp Blade: New Legacy Knives are Hand Sharpened by Highly-skilled Knife smiths at 16-18 Degrees per Side, which Makes Each Knife Razor Sharp. With its premium product quality and Amazing sharpness, this knife offers precise cutting and control and allows you to do kitchen jobs with ease and efficiency.
 German HC Stainless Steel: Forged with German High Carbon Stainless Steel, this knife Features a Sturdy and Durable Blade. The Steel is Precisely Processed with High-tech Vacuum Heat Treatment to Reach 56±2 Rockwell Hardness for Perfect Strength, Rust Resistance and Edge Retention. And This Kitchen Knife Contains 0.45-0.55% Carbon and 15% Chrome, which Provides Corrosion Resistance and Anti-tarnish Finish.
 Ergonomic Pakkawood Design: A Top-Quality Pakkawood Handle with Classic 3-Metal Rivets offering Moisture-proof function and Solid Durability, which also Brings an Overall Harmony and Stunning Visual to the Whole Piece. Adopted an ergonomic design, this Handle fits perfectly in both left and right hands, While Ensuring Exceptional Comfort and Maneuverability.
 TUO Lifetime Guarantee: We Provide 100% satisfaction or Money Back Guarantee. If You Have Any Questions, Please Feel Free to Contact Us. We will Try Our Best to Solve your Problems and Let you Have a Satisfied Shopping Experience."

Focus on technology and designThe weight of the knife and the balance between the blade and the handle are very balanced. The ergonomic handle provides excellent comfort and a non-slip grip to minimize finger fatigue, numbness or pain. A wise choice for home chefs and professional chefs.
[Super sharp cutting core material] This product is made of professional super steel VG10 cutting core, hammered by vacuum heat treatment. Damascus steel will form very dense fine metal grains during the folding and forging process, so that the small jagged and super sharp edges on the cutting edge become sharp. 66 layers of high-quality high-carbon stainless steel ensure excellent strength, durability and smoothness. Non-slip cutting.
[Keep Improving] The hollow handle with hammered pattern, one-piece molding, durable, after careful manual hammering, non-slip hand feel comfortable. The ergonomic handle shape design has excellent hand control, agility and comfort.
[High-end gift selection] Our Damascus knife has a unique and very beautiful natural casting texture. The exquisite gift box is the best gift for parents, lovers, relatives and friends and Christmas, wedding, birthday.
[100% customer service] Product warranty: Southern Brothers products provide 30-day refund, replacement and lifetime warranty. We are always ready to provide you with the most satisfactory solution."

Damascus style kitchen knife set resistant to corrosion and scratch – The surface titanium coating of kitchen knife set is resistant to corrosion and scratch. So damascus style kitchen knife set will keep their beautiful look and food safety for years to come.
Damascus style kitchen knife set resistant to rust and stains - Stainless steel damascus style kitchen knife set is resistant to rust and stains. Provides the user with a lot of strength and knife hardness making it a great choice for tougher jobs.
Better flexible damascus style kitchen knife se - A special process is used to guarantee the quality of damascus style kitchen knife set, which are more flexible so the damascus style kitchen knife set hard to bend and break.
Damascus style kitchen knife set is excellent sharp and long edge retention - The new precision edge technology enhances the damascus style kitchen knife set sharpness and long sharp edge retention.
Package Includes:8"" Chef Knife, 7"" Utility Knife, 5"" Fruit Knife, 3.5"" Paring Knife, Peeler"

VG-10 JAPANESE SUPER STEEL - Manufactured with ultra-sharp VG-10 Japanese Damascus steel cutting core at HRC 58-60 hardness, this 8.5 in. crafted culinary chef comes with unrivaled performance and incredible edge retention; cobalt added VG-10 steel outperforms AUS-10 steel in durability and is easier to sharpen as cobalt enhance the other alloying elements.
ERGONOMIC & WELL-BALANCED - The 8.5"" Kiritsuke chef knife from Kyoku is the ideal multi-purpose knife for your kitchen. It is designed to be a slicing and push-cut specialist. The gorgeous herringbone pattern on the base of the tang unveils the stunning craftsmanship and its luxurious identity.
ULTIMATELY DURABLE HANDLE - The meticulously constructed G10 handle has gone through special treatment, making it extremely impervious to heat, moisture, cold with military grade strength and life-long sturdiness.
SUPERIOR SHARPNESS - Ruthlessly sharp scalpel-like edge is handcrafted by seasoned artisans to a mirror polish at 8-12° double side using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method; Nitrogen cooled for ultimate hardness, flexibility and corrosion resistance performance.
LIFETIME WARRANTY - No premium knife is complete without a lifetime warranty; our masterpiece knife is fully covered for life, free exchange or return for life if the item is defective."

VG10 JAPANESE DAMASCUS STEEL - Manufactured with an ultra-sharp, cobalt-added, and cryogenically treated VG-10 Japanese Damascus steel cutting core at HRC 58-60 hardness, KYOKU Daimyo Series knife boasts unrivaled performance and incredible edge retention.
WELL-BALANCED DESIGN: Our Daimyo Series knife is designed to feel substantial and well-balanced in your hand but also light enough for marathon prep sessions.
DURABLE HANDLE - The meticulously constructed, triple-riveted G10 handle has gone through special treatment, making it extremely impervious to heat, cold, and moisture; accented with a mosaic pin.
SUPERIOR SHARPNESS - The ruthlessly sharp edge is handcrafted by seasoned artisans to a mirror polish at 8-12° double sided using the traditional 3-step Honbazuke method; cryogenically treated for incredible hardness, flexibility, and corrosion resistance.
LIFETIME WARRANTY - Our knives come with a lifetime warranty, and we offer free exchange or return if the item is defective."

Finely crafted with 32 layers Damascus Steel and VG-10, to maximize strength and cutting ability, allowing this knife to last long and keep it's edge for a longer time.
Handle is made of 3/4 tang to give a solid wood feel. Unlike full tang handle which is most likely will separate from steel after continuous water exposure, 3/4 tang handle will stay sturdy and comfortable. Crafted out of Sturdy Laminated Western Mahogany, shaped in a way for the user to have maximum comfort and to have a stronger grip, getting the precision one needs while preparing their five star dish.
This blade is the Gyuto 8.25-Inch blade (Rockwell Hardness HRC 61-62). The gyuto is one of the most accomplished and essential blades when it comes to fine cutlery. From filleting, to chopping, it can do it all.
We strive for 100% satisfaction and perfection with every customer. Lifetime warranty against defects in materials and workmanship
All of our knives are hand crafted and Made in Japan, by the most talented and well trained smiths. Each knife is individually made for you."

MASTER CRAFTSMANSHIP - Handcrafted in Sakai Japan, where more than 90% of Japanese professional chef knives are produced. It is produced one at a time manually by highly skilled master artisans. It outperforms industrially mass produced products from every aspect. The master craftsmanship shines through in every single product. The unparalleled performances make you feel standing at the pinnacle of cooking! Sheath is sold separately.
RAZOR SHARPNESS - Ready to use out of the box with ruthless sharpness. The core is the newly developed high carbon stainless steel ZA18 (HRC 62-63) produced in Japan, which is extremely durable. Combined with 69 layer clad Damascus construction, it gives exceptional sharpness, edge retention, durability, and ease of sharpening at the same time. You can easily feel your upgraded technique level just by using a Syosaku Knife. Hand wash only and regularly sharpen on quality whetstones.
VERSATILITY - Ideal for everyday chef handling daily kitchen tasks, whether professional or nonprofessional. You can cut, dice, slice, mince and chop with one knife. You can cut meats, fish, vegetables, fruits, and more. You can use it as a sushi knife, too. It’s double-edged, so doesn’t matter if you are right handed or left handed. To avoid a chip in a blade, don’t chop hard stuff like bones, nutshells, and frozen foods. Do not use on granite countertops.
DURABILITY AND EASE OF USE - The high chromium content of the ZA18 alloy combined with the outer damascus steel realizes extreme stain & corrosion resistance. The material used for the handle is taken from center core of Magnolia wood, which is water-resistant and non-slip. You don’t have to worry when it’s left wet during use (recommended to wash and dry after the use). The ergonomically designed Octagonal handle and perfectly balanced construction make you comfortable even for a long time use.
AESTHETICS AND 100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEE - An exquisite outer steel not only eliminates friction and keeps food from sticking, but also the beauty makes your cooking more enjoyable. The Japanese style Magnolia wood handle with a beautiful Water Buffalo Horn bolster (color can vary) adds more visual accents. Impress your guests with the stunning beauty. It’s a perfect gift for your loved one, too. If you don't love our Syosaku Knife, please return within 30 days of purchase for a full refund."



